Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is the genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
Even if your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible for you to develop heart disease .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagnosed with a certain genetic disease , are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger to cause frightening effects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have got a certain disease , their attitudes will be easily changed , whether it is caring for us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted by worrying about these problems .
" It is a concern that will be with us for our whole life because we will never know when the " " potential bomb " " will explode . "
On the other hand , if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease , we can go through this process with the whole family .
For example , if exercising is helpful for a family 's potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise .
And we keep track of all family members ' health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members who get this disease .
Here I want to share my view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
" " " "
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If a certain disease 's genetic test is very accurate , and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and be known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secrets .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Finally , what affects one family may or may not affect another , although the family has a common genetic makeup shared by both of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , choosing to disclose it or not to his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system .
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable . Although it is a genetic risk , one can not be sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either their parents , maternal and paternal uncles , aunts , or cousins .
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurrently has knowledge about others .
This knowledge may be relevant to them and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Does someone who suffers from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic health checks on their own .
Sometimes some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter , for example , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes precedence in being ' allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information they do not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority is also extended ' vertically ' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective , these findings are important because while they lay constructs of the family and kinship as social constructs , they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships or about which blood ( or non - blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make informed decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at - risk relatives or not greatly depends on personal morals and the nature of how ' directive ' the risk is to them .
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his / her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his / her family members are able to perform some daily exercises to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding flows .
In my opinion , although the announcement of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self - privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
Focus on the negative side of the announcement of genetic risk first .
A large number of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carrying certain diseases .
Especially for young people who are not married , if he / she is known to have some genetic risk , there may be a certain chance that his / her child will carry the same disease , but it is not certain .
Therefore , keeping the information a secret would help his / her future relationship .
Secondly , announcing the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue . Although this factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future , and thus go to the hospital and do additional checks or take more medicines in order to prevent the disease , and this creates unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the announcement of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance of getting the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep privacy , it has much larger negative impacts on family members .
First , in the case of marriage , a person should be honest and tell their spouse that they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other party know the facts first than after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Second , genetic disease has a close relationship with genes and daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that they have the risk of having diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat fewer candies and chocolates to prevent too much sugar intake . At the same time , if the carrier tells this information to their relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes . They can perform the same exercise to reduce sugar intake to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties do not know , they may end up having diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we can say that the benefits of telling carriers ' relatives of genetic risks outweigh the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell their relatives , to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large number of disorders are caused by genes .
Genetic disorders may or may not be a hereditary , and it is sometimes hard to find out if one has these kinds of diseases .
There is a long discussion about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives their disease is caused by a gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no , but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell their relatives about their genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
First , someone having a disease is private .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others their private information , especially when they are not willing to do so .
It is against their human rights , and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders ?
It is unfair to enact a law that points only to genetic disorders .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell their relatives the cause of their disease .
First , what is the range of relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell their direct relatives , such as parents and brothers and sisters , or do they also need to tell relatives such as their grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say they only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
Other relatives may have the same possibility of having such a disease .
How can a law made by the government exempt a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease ?
However , from the ethical point of view .
The carrier should have a feeling of responsibility to tell their relatives about their genetic disorder .
By doing so , they may be able to save some of the lives of their relatives .
This is because a carrier with a bad gene may not necessarily have the genetic disease if they can have a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age at which the gene 's function becomes stronger .
A typical example is genetic hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems that make it harder for the carrier to digest fat and salt in the blood , which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they become adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may give them higher possibilities of getting hypertension .
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat , and thus avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push a carrier of a genetic problem to tell their relatives , but they should be willing to tell their relatives about their genetic problem .
By doing so , fewer of their loved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In this age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs have been made possible .
Genetic testing is possible and available for one 's decision to undergo it .
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases or even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform their relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk were to be shared within the family , there might be chances for them to have it in their blood , and they could take necessary precautions to prevent it .
However , if it is a terminal genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having knowledge of it .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion that it should be kept secret .
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell their relatives .
Some say that a person 's genetic risk should be kept secret because it is considered personal information , which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising their condition .
If someone has a genetic disease after the test , they might not wish to inform their relatives , as they may end up disheartening their extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism into their families .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone , as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential as being considerate .
On the other hand , others may think that it would be considerate to tell their relatives because the latter will have a greater tendency toward having the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases are given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is realised at an early stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having a genetic risk , the relatives of the person with this genetic disease will do a medical check - up , which might save them by helping them to realise its existence at an earlier stage .
In conclusion , it should be important to inform relatives about the risk of getting the same genetic disease .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issues , everyone should be given the right to know their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better if some people are ignorant about it , as they will continue leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having a genetic disease risk will just add onto their misery , as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All in all , it depends on the individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities of curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision because you have the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even if there are no risks at all .
Early pre - examination is healthy , as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be a choice given with regards to informing his or her relatives .
They should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to the choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients ' parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients themselves could harm the psychological states of the affected family members .
Thus , much thought needs to be put into the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members .
Some families may feel hurt with regards to their family pride or reputation after having the knowledge of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
However , they have a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such a genetic disease is vital , as it may help to raise awareness and prevention of the genetic disorder .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and to similarly undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial for their emotional feelings .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it were made known to them .
Having support from relatives is vital , as they can ensure the genetic risk carrier that he or she is not alone in facing this illness , and it will certainly provide a morale boost , as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards to the future prospects of the genetic disorder that anyone in the family could inherit .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such a genetic disorder will be dependent on the situation and background of the affected family , with the liberty of choice being given to them in making a decision about informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of whether it is mental or physical disorder , is always easily made aware by his or her family .
When it comes to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance occurs generation by generation , but not all of the offspring show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes , a family with a risk of a potential genetic disorder may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies , as none of its members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case when one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable , he or she should be aware of whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is whether to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms are reflected on a kid , the parent will be informed by medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert regarding their bodies ' conditions .
In contrast , if the carrier is an adult , who has his or her own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than themself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and , of course , it is the obligation of the family members to protect and take care of the family .
On the other hand , if a child of the family knows that he or she has the risk of becoming a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might be inherited by his or her child in the future , his or her whole life will be in a dilemma .
And , of course , he or she will think of not having any children after getting married , and the same thought may go for his or her cousins as well .
As a result , the family generation stops the moment that the adult carrier announces his or her issue .
In China , the older generations with a more traditional cultural background will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren to make the family liven up and become stronger .
The reason behind this is that , after WWII , the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged people to give birth more often .
During that period , if one of the family members reflected genetic disorder symptoms , he or she would fall into an ethical dilemma for sure .
The medical treatment technology existing during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He or she had to choose whether to protect his or her family or make his or her family more prosperous with a potential generic risk .
So he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be hidden forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about the consequences of telling relatives about their generic disorder .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his or her relatives , but it is also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
Regardless , if the disorder is rarely fatal or it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because , as a carrier , she or he needs mental support to get through this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on their own .
By telling his or her family , other than providing support , they could possibly help him or her to get alternative solutions to the problem that he or she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family could be the biggest pillar of support for the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family , as other family members might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check - up for themselves and it would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform , especially if it is contagious , as the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading to society .
For every action , there are always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to family members , as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could lead to a lot of money being spent on the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden to his or her family .
I could understand the feelings of the carrier .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform his or her family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest with his or her feelings , and I find that it is the right of their family members to know what is going on in their lives .
If anything wrong happened in the carrier 's life , without informing the family members , it could be a huge regret in their lives if he or she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for his or her problem with his or her family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on his or her own .
In the end , I believe that support in terms of mental or even monetary means from the carrier 's family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
It is true enough that there are lots of cancer patients who are given a second choice to live as a normal person , as they have strong mental support from their loved ones .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as it comes to us when we are fragile and weak .
As technology has been advancing , it has reached a stage in which its advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual uses of technology .
Genetic testing has been made possible . It has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness . However , it could also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that he or she has a right to not know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier . However , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with the unknowns and accept the facts .
If he or she chooses to live with the uncertainty that the gene holds and is willing to accept it , he or she could do that , and is something that was ' normal ' to everyone in the past , as genetic testing was not possible .
Rather , it could be better for him or her this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention for giving birth to disabled people and making them suffer in reality .
I personally think this is the right purpose of going through with genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid does not have to give birth to such a child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I believe that the carrier has the right to not be obligated to tell anyone but has the responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemmas .
If the results turned out to be something that the carrier could not accept , then it would have been better to not know the truth .
I believe that even the carrier has the right to not know the true fact .
After realizing that he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to this fact and create more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives , but he or she has no obligation to tell them .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of doing genetic testing and take appropriate actions regarding the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilt can be more than expected and could be a burden on their mind for the rest of their life .
On the other hand , without knowing about any genetic disorders and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is a topic that is worth discussing .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed , as a family - related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , a few arguments will be pointed out in support of the view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us into this new world .
We were crying hard , but we were not alone . It 's our family and relatives that raise us .
Hence , they should be the people to be grateful for and the people with which we would like to share joy .
However , in cases pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of a serious disorder , there may seem no point in sharing , but this involves more than just the sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform his or her family and close relatives .
" In the case of a health issue related to genetic risk , the keyword is " " genetic , " " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation . "
Therefore , I would agree that it 's a carrier of known genetic risk 's obligation to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family - related ethical dilemmas that could be raised in the future .
Although one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such a health issue or to bear it within himself or herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives so that proper discussions of solutions can take place .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful about facing such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more care towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such a disorder risk .
On top of that , the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
Therefore , I would agree with the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and has a plan for giving birth .
This would prevent the rise of more family - related ethical dilemmas .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stance of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test is conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid a family - related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
The benefits of doing so can outweigh the disadvantages .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing at the junction of deciding whether he should inform his relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can be made only by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in society .
However , it leads to a new problem : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives ?
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among people .
" Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue , which is " " should or should not ? " " "
" First , I believe most of us will agree with the sentence below : " " I was anxious about my family when they told me that they were a carrier of a known genetic risk . " " "
Frequently , the intention of carriers who do not want to tell their families is to continue their own lives without their families ' anxiety .
It is obvious that it would be better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges themselves .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against the demon .
A demon is not easily defeated , and it requires a lot of energy and psychological support .
Families give you courage and support that you can not retrieve by yourself .
These are the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the known genetic risk is so serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imaginations .
Lying in bed for the rest of one 's life , or even dying immediately , are the consequences that we can not imagine .
Families are our dearest in our lives .
Without their concern and support , it would be hard to stay until this time .
They play an important role in our lives , which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect the next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell our relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's family without the agreement of the carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospitals to keep the secrets of any patients .
We can not blame them because they are liable for undesired consequences .
However , the hospital can provide a counselor to advise the carrier about what actions can be taken .
Therefore , these kinds of circumstances will not happen again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties , which is a win - win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell their relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to define .
Thus , advice from the hospital plays an important role in this .
The carrier is responsible for balancing their own interests with the benefits for their family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make , but in the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of having a genetic disorder , many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem : Should they warn their relatives about the risk of being the same genetic risk carrier ?
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
In view of this point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy for carriers .
They may not want this truth to influence their life , or they want to keep it a secret and not let others know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may cause them to be discriminated against or sympathized by others , which is not a positive factor brought into their life .
Second , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can approach a doctor to consult about it .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a problem , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell their relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This disobeys their own willingness , as they have to accept the truth that may make their future lives miserable .
Many people argue that setting the obligation may help more people who are relatives of carriers have the opportunity to save their lives because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors , including psychological influence and social influence are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that they may have a higher risk of getting sick , they may be scared about the unknown . Partners , spouses and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen , which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
On the other hand , as stated above , a person who wants to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the viewpoint of human rights and relatives ' freedom of acceptance , as well as for many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
For a carrier of a genetic disorder , to know the fact that they are a carrier causes more dilemmas than getting the disorder .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell their relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and can share their problems regarding genetic disorders .
First , the carrier and their family can take precautions physically through actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited by offspring , and mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndromes , such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome , can be prevented if the mother undergoes proper medication and does n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives about her condition .
The more people ( relatives ) know about her problem , the more information can be provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome , then the family has to accept this fact and do whatever they can to provide a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parents ' fault because there is still a chance of the gene being inherited .
So , they also have to prepare mentally .
Second , genetic diseases have high costs for treatment and medication .
Albinism is one example .
People with albinism have sensitive skin , and it needs regular treatment .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their bodies well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen outdoors , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication is very expensive .
To prevent bigger problems from happening , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell their relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Third , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of these diseases is the sickle cell trait .
Usually , people are not aware that they carry the sickle cell gene . and this may lead to circulatory problems , such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives , they can take their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy about it because it 's for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourth , it is important for parents to give a mental boost to their children who have genetic disorders .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock your condition .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from the closest ones .
If not their family , then who else is willing to do that ?
It is not a difficult job for the family if they have prepared mentally first by disclosing the possibility that their children may suffer from a genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared to the last century .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formerly incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claim that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family - related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell their relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell their relatives about this .
This is because their relatives have the right to know about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives . That is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder , which means that other family members also have almost the same risk of having it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James , about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having a similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders from affecting themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for people to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
" In addition , doctors usually quote the statement , " " Prevention is better than cure " " ; this gives us the idea that preventing a disorder from happening has far more advantages than curing it . "
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who are aware of having such a disorder can prevent the disorder from happening by adopting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and having exercise for at least 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives .
It is their human right to know about that , and it may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happening .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades , medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly occurring . Empowered with advanced medical knowledge , doctors are able to diagnose and provide genetic testing for patients to help them prevent disease and take necessary steps to protect their lives . Once a test has been conducted and the results are known , the question of disclosing the results to relatives becomes a challenging issue for both patient and doctor . In my opinion , I feel a strong urge to support the obligation to inform patients ' relatives .
As it is a genetic risk , the patient 's next - of - kin might have a high chance of carrying the disease . The need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions can be taken before unforeseen circumstances might arise . If you are the only child in a family and you are suffering from a genetic disease , the genetic trait might be passed on to the next generation if you have a child . Hence , by making your family members aware of the situation , you would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children . However , social ethics issues like discrimination and privacy are the biggest concerns and potential barriers to forcing patients or doctors to disclose information to patients ' relatives . It challenges confidentiality and privacy principles . Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States , there is no legal requirement to disclose information to relatives . It is up to the patient 's wishes to disclose to their family members . Early disclosure to family members brings positive reactions and prevention , as in the case of Angelina Jolie . She chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly , to under five percent . I still can recall that her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However , there are still people against the decision to reveal private information . In the case of Alzheimer 's patients , it is the patient 's own choice to disclose information . It has been shown that doctors have tried to interpret what and to whom Alzheimer 's disease will be disclosed to minimise potential negative impacts on family members ( Dementia Today , 2012 ) . There are associations that provide help to Alzheimer 's patients , such as the Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) . Although there are still thousands of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all help and supports from everyone , the need to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
The state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors about the extent to which a doctor should opt to reveal the genetic disease to family members and in which situations it is open to the patient 's discretion . In addition , the state could also encourage the creation of assistance schemes to provide necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of their own family members . Although it may face challenges from social ethics issues , in the long term , with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government , more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the study of the genetics field has gone further and further due to high - velocity technological advancement .
Not long ago , the Human Genome Project , sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) , was started .
In the field of genetic testing , which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology was very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has their own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands on whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with their relatives .
In my opinion , patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk should share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people .
To the whole society , it is a duty .
Take H1N1 as an example . Everyone in Singapore , including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in offices , and passengers on public transportation are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and put their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no doubts .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder — both   as a social responsibility and as a means to conserve familial unity .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their family members ' support .
Without the support of loved ones , a patient 's life is no better than death .
Family members , as the closest people from whom they can get comfort , are a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any troubles that might result from the genetic disorder .
A study conducted at New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around them generally recover 2 to 4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Even for patients with terminal diseases , the duration of survival is 30 % longer when there is family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may cause some unnecessary doubts and panics , which would endanger family harmony .
Every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situation , and the more troubles that a family goes through together , the greater the bond between the family members — and the greater the amount of trust , love , and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other , all these troubles are just tests to make them stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson say , what does n't kill you makes you stronger .
Being in an Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
The courage to undergo genetic testing and inform relatives about the potential risk may result in people being judgmental , even though it is just a risk — not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he or she has the right to determine with whom he or she wants to share the information .
Although I feel that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I suggest that the carrier at least share the information with his or her spouse ( or future spouse ) because the carrier 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
" Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases , and many of them will most likely judge or at least label as " " different " " those who have genetic diseases since they feel that such patients are abnormal or " " weird . " " "
This is because many genetic diseases are related to diseases such as bubble boy disease , autism , or Down 's syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have abnormal physical characteristics .
Although we know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations , many people still do — with or without realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing whether a person should tell his or her relatives about his or her being at risk of having a particular genetic disease .
" It is normal for people to demand to be treated fairly and similarly to others , and therefore , it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently . People really love to hear what they want to hear , and therefore , they may just ignore the word " " risk " " and assume that the person has the disease . "
To prevent that from happening , I feel that it is up to the person to determine whether he or she wants to share the information with his or her family , since his or her family may become either paranoid or judgmental .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option really is his or hers — since he is not an actual sufferer .
Some people who say that it is necessary to tell family members about the risk because some of them may be affected . Although I do not concur with this view , the extent to which you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a factor .
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members , but can we really trust all our relatives ?
Furthermore , since genetic risk ( or genetic disease ) is a very personal case , it is up to the person to decide whether to tell relatives about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell his or her future partner about the potential risk , since the genetic risk may affect their children .
This information needs to be acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers , and therefore , they should not have any children ; their child may not be able to survive .
Or , in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning . Therefore , although no one is obligated to tell anyone about their genetic risk , they should be encouraged to tell their future partner about it .
In conclusion , the carrier should be able to choose whether to tell their relatives about their genetic risk because it is their own gene and they have full rights to it .
He or she may have various considerations — such as judgmental people or possibly making his or her family worry for nothing — when thinking about whether to tell his or her relatives . No matter what choice he or she makes , we need to respect it ; we have no right to say that he or she must tell his or her relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless , and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
" " " Genetic " " refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease . "
Therefore , an entirely new dilemma is born : Should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have a genetic risk .
One reason that parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with a genetic risk .
The child with the genetic risk may not have the ability to work or to build up the family with others , and , most of the time , they are not accepted by the majority .
They may not be able to enjoy what normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those who are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work endlessly to support their child if he or she is not able to support himself or herself .
The situation may be worse if the child has a disease such as cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have additional heavy baggage — namely , medication fees .
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can support a new family member who will not be able to work and who may suffer pain throughout his or her life .
The other reason that parents should know that their baby carries a genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
There are always newspaper reports about newborn babies being abandoned in the hospital after the parents realize that the baby has a disease that will necessitate a huge amount of money .
In countries such as Singapore , there is a shortage of manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot on helping the disabled , such as medical subsidies and building special schools in which to educate them .
If the number of disabled individuals in a nation ceases to increase , the government can concentrate on developing in other ways , such as the military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many miscarriages occur in hospitals every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore , I believe parents have the right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support the theory that every person has the right to enjoy the world , especially religious people .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay in hospitals every day , with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what is best for their children ; thus , they will make the right decision after they have been informed .
Also , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent tragedies from happening .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have full control of one 's information , and it is one 's right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple is going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether they could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testings .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If a person has disease C , that might be a result of gene A.
He ran a test and found out that he has gene AA .
This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C , if he runs a test and finds out that he has gene AA .
This means one of his parents has gene A and the cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can somehow be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved through personal choice .
They can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives . If there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
They might also choose to nudge or encourage certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that they might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
If a person is obliged to tell his or her relatives , he or she might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be advised to not get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene AA and gene AA is sufficient for a very serious disease ...
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
So , all married couples go run a test and find out they are not carriers . They might subconsciously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family and one of the family members tests positive , does he need to tell ?
If that is a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships . If person A tells his family that he has this gene , his uncle C will know and tell his wife D that he needs to run a test because his nephew has this disease .
However , wife D is not even at risk of having this disease .
Then , wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
In less than a week , half of the town will know that person A has a risk gene and his family might be at genetic risk .
Then , nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of one 's information , especially when the party that one is obliged to disclose one 's information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
The carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Today , people not only pursue the comfort of their own lives but also a better development of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has become so advanced , it has become possible for people to make the decision to take genetic tests to be clear on whether or not they carry genetic risk , which could affect the next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is this : are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility to tell family and relatives is quite obvious .
And , there are two basic reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your own wellness and the health of your relatives , and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives about your genetic risk is good for your own wellness and the health of your relatives .
This is because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is a great possibility that your relatives , such as parents or siblings , are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just up to fate for what will happen to both you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone it and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do checks regularly .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and even prevent getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for the next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to your next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation while being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance to have children .
And if you still decide to have a baby , since the technology has been developed , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering genes will be perfected and widely used . You can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
In conclusion , once you have undergone genetic testing and are aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations to tell your relatives and families the truth .
To tell or not to tell
Consider a case where we decide to undergo genetic testing and know the result of it .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carriers .
Then it becomes troublesome whether we need to tell our relatives , who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on our whole lives .
As a result , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we find we are carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits such as eating less sugar - containing food and keeping a good mood .
And it is important for young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better habits they will have , which is better for the rest of their lives .
What 's more , they may undergo genetic testing as well to see whether they are carrying it , which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that why do we want to interfere with their lives ?
Sometimes , it is extremely hard for them to accept this news , especially if they know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like a blood disease , which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person , but suddenly , one day your relative comes and tells you that there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future . What kind of feelings are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct , which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually , we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally , I feel that we should still take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them that they will start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to prevent their baby carrying this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo genetic testing .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones . We need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell .
Genetic testing is conducted when an individual is at risk of a possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her current situation .
This essay will illustrate this in two ways .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a genetic risk , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save time for proper treatment .
Sometimes , lives may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So , for consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Second , it can prevent genetic disease from being passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls , and some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have a risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a 5-year - old son .
Unfortunately , their son fell ill , and he was diagnosed with a kind of genetic disease that is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder that can be passed only to boys .
Therefore , their son inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage , and she did not tell her husband .
The son died after one year of treatment , and the couple got divorced after that .
If the wife had not hidden the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they had a baby , the tragedy would not have happened .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family about possible diseases they may have , and they can get treatment in time if possible .
On the other hand , the disease may be passed to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that genetic testing really helps people who have a disorder .
However , I think that genetic information is personal and should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I think a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons , as follows :
First , genetic information is something personal that should be kept private , like people 's bank card keys .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission , even though they are his or her family or relatives .
The government should make laws to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other people .
They may know the person 's potential disability , disease , or other bad things .
They may bias people against the person ; they may even abandon him or her .
People do not have the ability to choose their genes , so they should not be thought of badly because of bad genes .
Therefore I think whatever the gene is or whether the gene comes from their parents , it should not be told to anyone , even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family and even fracture relationships between children and adults .
Once his or her family or relatives know , the person may not have any relationship with them .
However happy they were before , there would now be a barrier that will gradually destroy the family .
The relationship between parents and their children should not be tested in a genetic way ; it is something much deeper and stronger .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children ; meanwhile , they feel happy in their children 's company .
Children rely on their parents to live .
When they grow up , they take care of their parents and thank them for their dedication .
The relationship between parents and children is about love and dedication .
No one wants to see a family broken because someone is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
" Therefore , I think a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives . "
Finally , the technology for genetic testing is not very mature .
There also exists the probability of testing errors .
If testing errors are not discovered by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and struggle for their whole life .
Therefore , I think a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering people 's privacy and the existence of errors in genetic testing , for the peace of the family , I support the position that a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
With the advancement of medical technology , more and more illnesses are being discovered to be genetic .
People will know whether or not they carry a disease in their genes after they have genetic testing .
If there is no problem , that would be wonderful .
However , not everybody is able to see if they carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find out that they carry a gene for a disease , they should be responsible for telling their relatives and family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and have the same forefather , so they share genes .
Therefore , there is nothing to be shy about or afraid of .
If the person tells their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to a hospital to see if they also have it .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring .
Also , they can prevent their offspring from inheriting the disease .
If a relative carries the disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give them some help . They can also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or she does gets married , he or she must tell their partner that they carry the disease gene .
Then , they can have a healthy baby , with the help of doctors .
If they do not tell their partner about the genetic risk , they may have an unhealthy baby and cause the death of the baby or the end of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
A couple had not had a child after their marriage for a long time . Their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to see what the problem was .
After they came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene , so that they could not have a baby .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband .
After getting the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it stated that the woman — not the man — carried the disease gene .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her , but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes with which they were born .
However , they can avoid passing on the disease genes to their children .
By telling relatives that they are at risk of carrying the disease gene , they can make their family members bond closely ; also , many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict disorders and protect each individual at risk of a disorder .
However , there is a family - related ethical dilemma : whether it is right to tell a carrier 's family the test results .
I believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
It is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , but as long as the potential negative impacts of the risk exist , the consequences will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotionally prepare .
Angeline Jolie , for example , is famous but nevertheless revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just a normal reaction to this situation .
In addition , it is possible in some cases that the carrier and their family members might undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social lives , but how can people face more dramatic tragedies , such as sickness or death , if they can not even overcome this harsh situation ?
Life is hard , but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation ; if other relatives ' situations worsen , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever , but when it is revealed , the more shocking and upsetting it will be .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives to disclose the genetic testing result .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve understanding , strengthen sympathy for each other , and promote awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in helping relatives overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about the risks .
In a nutshell , I believe that people should be obligated to tell their relatives about the genetic testing results for the good of their relatives ' health .
It can be very difficult , but it is necessary for the carriers and their families .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition are also important to conveying the correct information to your family and relatives and , if necessary , to guiding them if they wish to take a similar genetic test .
The Impact of Social Media
Social media plays a vital role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it .
I started using Facebook one year after I arrived in Singapore .
And now I have over 500 friends on Facebook , and I bury myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
We know each other 's statuses , changes , and so on through social media .
For example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS messages to each individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform them about these kinds of changes .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain ways , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone , since it is free .
We discuss everything we like , and we have more personal space . Friends also have increased access to what we are doing and what we like .
Also , we can talk to public figures , such as pop stars , and get to know their lives better .
In China , a lot of government organizations , such as the fire department and the police , have open blogs to communicate with people .
Social media allows them to inform people about what is going on .
Many rescuing jobs — such as looking for lost people — are done with the help of social media .
With the increased convenience of human communications , relationships between governments and people have largely improved .
What 's more , various cultures can be shown to us through social media .
We can find more news and culture through social media .
From this perspective , social media has shortened the distances between people .
However , we have fewer chances to talk face to face ( and place less importance on it ) because social media is so convenient , advanced , and interesting .
When we gather together , people find themselves with fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig from their social media .
When we are far away , social media makes it seem as though we are in front of each other ; sometimes when we are by each other 's side , we seem to be far away from each other .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships less stable , secure , and reliable than before .
In addition , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or traveling experiences .
To some extent , this makes our lives more luxurious and blundering .
I long to see some places after I see those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Sometimes , I can not even sleep well because of my excitement .
Social media makes our life patterns so fast and leaves us less time to think about our lives .
Social media is becoming more important , and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills , require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stints ; but among all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media .
While millions of users are connected at any one time , any information can be readily available for their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we used to have in hardcopy over the web and the process takes seconds .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience can be experienced at almost any time .
Next , communication has also greatly improved .
In the past , most communication was done by one of many options , such a telegram , snail mail , and poor - quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase out most of the olden - day communication methods .
" Aside from hearing the voice , a camera could also be affixed to emulate a " " real " " interaction with expressions and gestures . "
Communication would have taken a different turn without easily available social media .
However , it is good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction are greatly lacking in social media interactions , particularly touch .
Having to meet and interact to talk allows one to be closer to the recipient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utilizes the motor , thinking , and verbal cortexes of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , where most of the interaction is done through thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also totally incorrect to fault social media alone for a lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences among people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skill on its own - some have it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that different intelligences can be charted , in accordance with utilizing tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower on interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , and friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion , and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who live very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
Those who live within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other .
And at the same time , it improves interpersonal skills through dynamic practices between individuals and real presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media has helped people have more close connections with each other . It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face - to - face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites , such as Twitter and Facebook , will not affect the chance for people to have face - to - face contact and thus negatively affect interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face - to - face contact with people .
First , social media networks have a big user base . They help link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without social networks , people may not have had the chance to know people from different countries or those they had never met before .
The number of people that they know may be limited to the people they meet in daily life , such as classmates and work partners .
Therefore , social networks create more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they have never known before ; this helps to develop interpersonal skills as well .
Second , although social networking takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people increase the frequency of talking .
For example , if social networks did not exist , businesses would need to meet each other face to face , which is time - consuming , although sometimes with business that is not so important . It still takes a lot of time for travel , which is a waste .
However , social networking helps people to meet and chat more easily . They can even use video chat and create group chats to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , some companies conduct online video interviews with their applicants , as it saves time and cost .
Social networks may also create some negative impacts on people .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute .
They take too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meetings with people in their real lives .
It not only affects interpersonal skills but it is also bad for people 's health if one spends too much time on social media .
Second , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe . People may not protect their privacy online effectively sometimes , and some people may use others ' personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , despite the unsafe online environment , spending too much time on the internet may be a potential negative factor of using online social networks .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meetings with each other .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chat .
Overall , there are more benefits than costs .
The world is becoming flat through all kinds of social networking websites , such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away eats for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , society really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ignored when you consider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provide us with many conveniences .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone , we can know their latest news by surfing the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singers is Justin Bieber through Facebook , you can give him or her Justin Bieber 's new album or a concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet , and you two will surely become closer .
In addition , social networking sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt .
Without Facebook , we may have lost contact .
However , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them , and I know what they have been doing recently as we live close to each other .
The disadvantages of social media are undeniable .
Research shows that people will unconsciously hide their real thoughts when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personality by reading things that he or she puts on social media .
It will make them quite upset when they communicate in real life .
" In addition , with all those " " nice " " guys around on the social network sites , one may neglect the people surrounding oneself and just communicate with friends on Facebook . "
It is a common sight to see two people sitting next to each other while seldom talking with each other and just looking at their cellphones .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health , according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different than face - to - face communication , and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real - life communication .
In addition , cyber relationships can not always work in real life .
With no close relationships in real life and only close cyber friends , one is more likely to feel lonely because there is a physiological need of human beings to feel the bond with others through our five senses .
With the ambition of people to become the best among others , social networking sites have now become a place to show off .
Some people will post their expensive things or the overseas places of interest they have been on social media and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is mentally unhealthy , and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become materialistic .
Last but not least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is easy for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social networking sites are like a two - sided knife , and people can only take good advantage of them by avoiding the possible disadvantages of them , such as by putting less personal information on their Facebook pages .
Modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common in contemporary society , and people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends through having similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions between people as people will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media sites are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 % of people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending more time social networking than reading newspapers .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites , which has made them easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb , which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This caused panic among the people , who flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this resulted in the temporary closing of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security measures aimed at controlling almost every social networking movement .
Social media is able to improve relationships and facilitate making new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends , and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends who have similar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationships as well as make new friends , mutual trust and understanding between both parties is required .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in contemporary society is able to help one improve relationships and make new friends , as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks regarding false information and chances of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All - in - all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement , and there are more to come in the future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly eased long distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience .
With today 's globalised and interconnected world , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction .
Being just a touch away from any music devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long - distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status related to one 's personal feelings or experiences , and the possibility of replying to these posts , human interactions can be engaged and expand with ease .
Introverts , or those who are shy to communicate with their friends , are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platforms .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms . Meet - ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Society will adapt to such a phenomenon as physical interactions are transformed into cyber interactions .
With its frequent usage of and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the Internet will be more advanced and adapted to the highly - connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed can not be proven physically , as social media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure of the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet .
We may , in fact , be communicating with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real , but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face - to - face human contact through social media restricts actual interactions , which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotions , this differs from the real authentic emotions of your friends when you observe them through their body language and their facial expressions .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interactions .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interactions has affected human inter - personal behaviour since communication is done through social media instead of meet - ups .
This lowers the possibility of humans ' ability to interact with one another , which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real - life interaction with humans does not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interactions and face - to - face human interactions with people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read the news and everyone can be a first - hand witness of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artists or celebrities they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activities have been .
Nevertheless , they can still use a phone to make normal calls and messages to contact others .
Not only does a phone do this job for them , but so do devices like personal computers , laptops , tablets , and many other devices that are able to connect to the Internet .
It is obvious to see that the Internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding social media actually having some inevitable disadvantages for people .
People can only use electronic devices to access the Internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the Internet .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose their eyes to contact and their hands to express their feelings to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face - to - face contact communication .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four have dinner in a restaurant without any chatting because they are holding and looking at their display screen with one hand while the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends have high tea in a café without chatting as well because they do not know what to talk about and are pressing on their display screens .
Children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is playing beside them . All they know is pressing icons on screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduce face - to - face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communication skills will degrade and be lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , as they do not even have the courage to talk to them .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in person and will not be trained in conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have other advantages besides its general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the Internet to contact other people and reading the news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in another country via socia media software instead of making international calls , which cost a lot for a normal salary family .
He can even talk to his daughter face - to - face using video call via the Internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends about their recent activities easily .
A guy who is traveling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabouts using social media .
These are the advantages that save work most of the time .
In conclusion , social media benefits people in several ways , but at the same time , it harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in a proper way .
With the aid of social media , people bond globally , information flows rapidly , and humans live happily .
All of us are living in a technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we traveled by ship and now we can use airplanes to do so .
" In the past , it took a few days to receive a message , as we needed to post our letters . Now , we can use e - mail , which stands for " " electronic message , " " to send messages to our friends , or we even use our phones to send our messages . "
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved ones is getting further apart .
This is because of the ease of technology , such as airplanes . Some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies , or you may even be away from your family to pursue your studies or career in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook two of the media that we need .
Everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up - to - date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites , such as Facebook , have allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
These approaches help parents communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
Social media is beneficial , as it connects you and your loved ones even though you are separated by distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family , but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned at the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration , especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their Facebook pages , as their friends post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concentrating when they are supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then lead to stress , as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they are distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own life by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites . However , in this case , striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of social media platforms is commonplace in our lives .
In an increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhance and complicate the links between individuals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online without having to travel to meet up for business purposes or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes in which virtual worlds are overtaking the real - life world , resulting in some negative impacts on individuals ' daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on social media sites , the importance of face - to - face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident online , where they do not have to face reality on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option to turn their backs on life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having online avatars , they may lose their self - identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real - life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits from investing such an enormous amount of time and energy are not reflected as something positive for the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is that the more people get into social media , the more they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short - term and easily gone ; thus , they do not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
According to research , it has also been proven that users feel sadder after using Facebook because they unknowingly compare their lives to other people 's lives .
Seriously , however , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make users stay , such as the links among people .
Indeed , I use Facebook myself just because of friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial that it is not relevant to reality .
In addition , as numerous profit - driven companies realize the high human traffic on such social media sites , they make them ponds to fish for customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues , as Facebook allows some other profit - driven companies to have access to users ' information .
As this happens , users are more and more prone to possible fraud .
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment . However , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better people in real life , they will not indulge in them as much as they do now .
Soon , users will realise that they do not need social media sites to keep in contact with their friends because if they really need somebody , they will reach their friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but are we really getting connected or falling apart ?
Social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter were born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people , even the older generation , use at least one social media platform such as Facebook .
" The parents are now " " friends " " of their kids , and they can " " follow " " their kids more closely and in real time . "
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so - called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced our face - to - face human contact , it eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share the advantages of using social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and in different settings .
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers and Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like Facebook is a great way for friends from different fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for their updates .
On the other hand , we could update our profiles by posting on the wall , and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends who may not have the time to meet up to stay connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can easily be met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that breaks us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the time reduction of face - to - face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circles .
" For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us , " " Today is someone 's birthday . " " "
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send cards during the festive season , like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good writing one , and of course , receiving one with stamps on it .
Gone are those the times , and now we do mass sends and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
" As time passes , we may have more " " friends " " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined . "
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world and the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms , but be careful of their impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face - to - face meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in society .
I believe 80 % of people use social media sites .
These sites play a role in connecting people around the world .
It consists of the functions of connecting , sharing , interacting , and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to social media , which are of concern in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
First , with the function of social media sites that connect people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family , or even strangers , without any time or place constraints .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who are staying in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to the countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthens our relationship , although we stay in different places around the world .
Besides that , companies also use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype , to facilitate meetings with parties on projects from around the world .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors , which benefits companies more and boosts the company 's profit .
However , there always are always two sides to stories .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces face - to - face connections between humans .
Since ancient times , humans have interacted with others face to face .
Without facial expressions , it is easier to misunderstand the intentions of speakers .
This is why facial expressions are one of the most important elements in social learning .
" In addition , " " social media sites will affect writing skills , " " is a point of view in society . "
Based on the statistics report , writing skills will be reduced as more time is spent on social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Autocorrect software is so effective when using electronic device that we did not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill for a person who expresses their own feelings and opinions .
" " " Privacy " " is a word that has become popular in the last few decades . "
Humans have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about social media sites leaking users ' information to companies for cash reimbursements .
Everything we type on the social media sites is recorded on the server and then transferred to companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like there are no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government 's laws but also spied on by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides to its story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our best to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and the next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media , such as Facebook and Twitter , has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
In this situation , both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives .
On one hand , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other anytime and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media makes it possible to have interactions by continuing to write comments .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get into contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in public can also actively take part in group chats via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to be updated on friends ' statuses and contact friends more frequently .
On the other hand , we need to rethink the influences brought by social media .
There are still many disadvantages to using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face - to - face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people 's lives , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face - to - face chatting , which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Secondly , people 's over - addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from over - dependence on virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to the internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing up with social changes to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updates on luxury living standards , as well as other show - off situations , may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction , and their studies and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may last for a long time .
Therefore , every time we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of social media .
In a sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies have been enhanced continuously .
The telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created since First Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since the advent of the internet , the telephone has started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are provided to the users .
Let us take an example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , people are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular addresses may change from time to time , while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using their name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting services , personal profiles , media sharing , and other entertainment add - ons .
( i.e. , social games ) , which allows users to remotely communicate with people and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , which has a more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefits if used as an information - sharing medium .
Twitter only allows users to give updates that are limited to short sentences to spread the word faster and only highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , and even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications on our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects that people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that face - to - face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
As a consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say , but in face - to - face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth may not be well arranged as a picture of your personality .
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant , but everybody is busy with their gadget , posting pictures on Facebook , updating statuses on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
This social media serves the purpose to bind people despite their geographical boundaries , but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , which can be decreased qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets instead of facing human beings .
" Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " " false image " " in public . "
We tend to only share our happy moments in the media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all .
Other people are then influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of themselves as lowly , and this may lead to depression and mental disorders .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefits and losses of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technology improves the lives of many people a lot .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits for communication between people , while others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
One of the advantages carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In the past decades , when social media sites were not yet fully developed , people connected with others who live far away by using a phone or even a letter .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter requires some costs , and sending a letter to a person who lives far away , especially in villages , takes time .
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved .
People connecting through social media sites spend no money on communication , and it also takes only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves time and money and provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they have not seen for a very long time , such as their friends from primary and secondary school .
As we graduate from school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to contact them by phone or by mail .
If phone calls and letters were the only way to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as alternative means to connect with our old friends .
Hence , social media sites serve as a platform for the connection .
Everything that comes with benefits also has disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites have some negative impacts on people and society .
The advancement of those social media sites has made some people so reliant on them that they prefer using the sites to contact each other over talking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem caused by social media sites .
The use of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face - to - face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people .
As we all know , interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability to clearly present one 's ideas .
As a result , their ability to compete with each other in society will gradually decrease .
In conclusion , social media sites have both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As members of this modern society , we should learn to ( a ) distinguish between the good and bad effects of the advancement of technologies and ( b ) avoid the cons and maximize the pros of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some of the famous examples are social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
With more than a billion users ( and counting ) from all over the world , social media sites have clearly demonstrated their success in playing an important part in our lives .
However , there are arguments that social media life reduces face - to - face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All that users need are an internet connection and an email account , so almost anyone can obtain a Facebook or Twitter ID and start their journey in social media life .
Second , it helps people to keep in touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is easier than asking around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Third , social media sites keep us up to date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world — all with a click on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites link people together by allowing us to create our own groups , pages , or sites to share our hobbies , interests , and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global , interconnected world .
However , social media sites also have a negative impact on humans .
Undeniably , it becomes more addictive when we spend more time socializing and interacting virtually .
We spend most of our time on sites such as Facebook and Twitter , and this affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In the corporate world , employers often block social media networks to prevent employees from spending their office time on personal leisure rather than concentrating on work .
Using text - messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also has a negative impact on us in the long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend on face - to - face interaction with one another .
Hence , it lessens valuable interaction between humans and time spent away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , false reports and fake IDs occur on social media sites ; people use fake IDs to insult or harass someone , such as in the case of Heather Chua , which occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and create a strong negative effect on the victim in real life , which might lead to the victim 's being unwilling to interact with others in real life .
In conclusion , everything has two - sided effects , and it depends on how we exploit it .
With the current boom in technology , people have become more technology - savvy and want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites . However , this does not mean that we should neglect face - to - face human interaction , which plays an even more important role in our lives .
As more and more social websites , such as Twitter , Facebook , and Weibo , have become ubiquitous , seamless , and imperative in our lives , people may worry about the younger generation having problems with face - to - face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh the repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far , far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and taking a one - week holiday .
The convenience is beyond description .
" With a small smartphone or computer at school , at work , or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a " " click " " and get to know about their lives by conversing with them , reading their blogs , looking at their photos , and seeing their status updates . "
Compared to face - to - face interaction , online conversation makes it easy for strangers to open up to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is easier to find common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to boldly share their real feelings online — with their masks taken off .
This was indicated in a report by Boston University in 2012 ; eighty percent of information posted online is true , whereas a person may lie three times out of ten in real life .
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than a close friend who does not have a Facebook account .
That is because we playact in real life , and we have no reason to playact in the online world .
Although some genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as vulgarity and harsh comments , we can minimize these forms of sharing through strict regulations of online content .
Another advantage of social media is aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world can easily share their thoughts about their governments .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage suffered in some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what is actually happening around them .
One example is the 2012 riots , which happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
However , the government controls most of the media .
Social media may be a tool of their campaign for manipulating the thoughts of the public .
For example , in the 2012 general election in Singapore , Dr. Tan Chee Keong made use of Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
However , because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face - to - face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people will sit together around a table each with a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends , and some of them neglect the feelings of their real - life friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
What we can do is educate the public about the importance of having their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages in our daily lives .
What we can do is cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation of the government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thanks to social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite distance , many other advantages , such as knowledge sharing and trade , can be done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear , such as a reduction in face - to - face human contact , which affects interpersonal skills and privacy issues , as well as some fraud that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook , and Skype are some social media sites that enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites , we are able to talk to them , know what their activities are , and know who their friends are , etc . From a surface point of view , there is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite the distances between us .
Sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well . That is why , nowadays , many news publishers have their own social media accounts . For example , Channel News Asia has a twitter account and updates its followers with headline news .
This shows how news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , this information can reach them easily without them needing to watch or listen to news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people have started doing their business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether this is through our friends who sell their own products or professional brands who sell their products online . We can buy things and contact sellers through those sites , which can be considered an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
I do think there is a difference between them and I believe many of us would agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our feelings and many do not behave as themelves since they do not want other parties to judge them .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other since the communication is done through written language , and thus , the ' tone ' of the message sent and how it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online , but in real life , some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to bad inter - personal skills as well as trust problems .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we can never know whether they are even ' real ' .
Some people fake their identities on social media sites so that they can know more people , and some may even cheat others .
In addition , privacy issues have become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually be sharing some information that they are not willing to share in the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our lives , we should consider their drawbacks and thus use them wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and they disadvantage us in the smallest way possible .
In today 's modern society , it is a common scene that almost everyone on public transport is watching their phone or wearing a pair of earpieces .
Not only one , but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human evolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people for connecting to others , even those from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects , such as the loss of face - to - face communication skills , which are important in the workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach each other easily , even without having contact for a long time .
In this fast - paced and competitive world , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scenes on it and they can be updated on information from their friends .
Personally , I study overseas . My busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friends .
I use a common social media site with my friends to help know what their status is nowadays .
And , I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
Many Malaysians cross the sea to work in Singapore .
Many of them are busy at work and separate from their children .
One of the managers at my workplace has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore , my manager would not miss moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
People with the same preferences get connected or become closer .
It is easier for people to approach each other after knowing more information .
Students can exchange their experiences about studying even though they are in different countries .
People are able to share their culture or pretty photos online ; therefore , others can spread joy with them .
Thus , I believe that social media sites are a useful tool to help people get to know each other better .
However , social media sites are a double - sided sword . They also bring some negative effects on our daily life .
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose interest in face - to - face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend to themselves and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationships , even without the existence of social media sites , we can not deny that it does affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people closer in this globalized world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends become real - life friends , and real - life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages to this change .
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas and stories and forge friendships based on mutual respect .
" However , communication on social media is largely based on " " broadcasting and listening . " " "
We use Facebook to post pictures and statuses .
" We are actively " " presenting " " the façades of our lives in front of others . "
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and statuses that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person but everyone we might know or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers are not the listeners .
They are just scrolling down pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them that they might think is funny .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about but the content .
This type of communication does not help forge interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires an all - rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face - to - face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his / her Facebook page where he / she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some =) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore , because I can easily read them from the statuses of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some political newspapers or public figures .
I get news about sales , clothes , and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he / she posts them often , I can simply block him / her off .
Information gets circulated .
The most popular information gets circulated the most , so I seldom miss it .
Social networks play a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lot of time for me from reading newspapers and watching TV .
Personally , I feel more at ease on social media .
From the above two points of view , I think social media could forge more interest - based friendships .
With the help of social media , I become real - life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
I also discover some of my friends ' interests which I find in common with myself , so talking to one another is much more than life , study , friends , etc .
Communication does not focus on how we feel or what to say to each other but on whatever is interesting or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human - based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends to a more information - based friendship that requires mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in that itself . However , whether it is good or bad , we are still not sure .
It is just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People living in the modern world really can not live without social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media makes people able to connect with one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some of those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on social media sites has become really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered wherein a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
" Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " " cheerful " " meeting on their social media sites . "
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with those who lived far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for them to receive the messages .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just type in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And , people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face - to - face interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provides people with a way of talking and chatting that can never be considered as a way of communication .
When one chats on those media sites , there is no eye contact and no emotion conveying , and even the expressions are typed in by using some combination of punctuation marks .
" For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words , such as " " lol " " ( which means " " laughing intensively " " ) and " " asap " " ( which means " " as soon as possible " " ) . "
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
Therefore , once they are communicating face - to - face with people , expressing themselves appropriately becomes a really big problem .
Social media also provides people with a huge amount of information about people and things that they are interested in .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , such as famous movie and television stars , businessmen , and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extremely close to their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news that people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smartphone and laptop almost every time , at any time .
However , after you have registered on those social media sites , which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on social media sites is honest .
A profile picture may not depict the person who that user says he or she really is .
" The reason might just be that he or she wants to " " decorate " " his or her face . "
But , there is a possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information to use it against you .
The lack of a pledge of authenticity risks people 's privacy and information that is shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily lives .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
In addition , it has become more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their private information to those whose identity can not be verified on social media sites .
How does social media help change our lives ?
As technology develops , social media has a more and more significant role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a lot of other stuff , which helps their friends know their lives better .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it also simultaneously reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face - to - face , which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Many people say they will support social media since it really helps them to have a better view of how their friends are doing in other parts of the world .
This is especially for people who are overseas .
To them , social media is the only resource they can use to know everything happening in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
What 's more , these days , social media plays an important role in spreading information .
Nowadays , people can easily put their rent information on their facebook account and wait for responses from others who are from different parts of the world , which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant , especially for young teenagers , since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what is happening in this world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there are also a great number of people who are against this technology .
They worry a lot about the negative effect on teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They pointed out that social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face - to - face .
The more we care about Facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is common to see some parties where people would prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on Facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry , since if all teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will lose the ability to talk to people .
They will feel it is becoming difficult for them to find any topics to talk about with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings us more disadvantages than advantages .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we truly live a good life , it wastes a lot of time as well .
Think in a different way : if we use the time we spend wandering on those sites , we may finish a book or do other more meaningful things .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to keep in contact with our family or friends .
All things will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely , no matter whether they are really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on social media .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Social Media
Nowadays , as technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily lives .
You can see people on Facebook and Twitter on their smartphones or iPads on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face - to - face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
First , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago , when these modern products were not popular , the ways for people to communicate with or contact people far away were still restricted to making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Some will take a long time , and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the Internet and get their reply very fast .
Communication is also not limited to words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations , see comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media platforms make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's lives .
It will make people spend more time chatting on the Internet rather than communicating face - to - face such that interpersonal skills will be negatively affected .
Some people spend a lot of time on it and forget their real lives .
Actually , I have seen some people who are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite bored when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers develop their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
If they spend too much time on social media , it may cause some problems with their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face - to - face .
Some may share less and less time with their family and not know how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the emergence of social media sites is a double - edged sword .
It can make our life simpler .
People can promote their friendships and relationships through social media .
However , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and affect their interpersonal skills .
Overall , however , the advantages far outweigh its disadvantages .
So , we need to make use of this social media in the best way and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
And , try to bypass the shortcomings .
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The emergence of social media sites truly connects people closely .
People can know their friends ' recent looks and interesting things happening to them just by checking their Facebook pages or other social media sites .
We can not deny that social media sites truly make it so that old friends do not lose information about you and the chances to communicate with you , even if you are in a different country .
However , social media sites reduce face - to - face communication , which affects interpersonal skills .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages to people using social media in their daily lives .
First , social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
" For example , on Mother 's Day , people are too shy to say " " I love you " " to their mothers , so they can type it on their or their mother 's facebook page . "
Then , his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm .
On the other hand , when a teenager is studying in a foreign country , the Internet is the only way that they can communicate with their parents and friends .
Therefore , social media is truly good for people .
Second , social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
People can also get information about celebrities on Twitter and Facebook , such as Obama and Bill Gates , and get first - hand study material on this .
They can learn how these people succeed , and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous people 's thoughts by using social media .
" On the other hand , with the help of social media , homeless people or people who need money to cure a disease can get help from the world quickly , because once one person knows the information , they will share it with their " " friends area . " " Then , many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help . "
On the other hand , there are also problems with the popularity of social media .
First , when people rely on social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will become accustomed to communicating by typing and not talking .
People even prefer talking to their friends and meeting their friends online and gradually reject face - to - face communication .
Therefore , social media truly limits interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and make connections between themselves and their friends .
Second , without real communication in real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and lies .
There are many people on social media with beautiful images and good content on their pages . However , in real life , they may not have jobs , or they may live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and be easily cheated and lose money , even their savings .
Therefore , social media is not safe , which is bad for teenagers ' future development .
All in all , the emergence of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas .
However , there are some disadvantages that will affect people to some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily Lives and Society
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media have become more popular and important in our daily lives .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog , more and more frequently .
There is no need for people to leave their homes to interact with others . They chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or tell funny stories .
It seems that people can build good relationships with others through social media , but problems have arisen .
People do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially strangers .
Thus , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : it is more convenient to contact others and easier to get to know others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others through social media .
These days , if one wants to tell some important news to another person who lives far away , he needs to write letters , and that wastes time .
The long distance and time consumption made spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not have contacted faraway friends and relatives unless there was an important reason .
However , people now can contact anyone in the world who has a computer at any time , and there is no time delay for messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to find out about others through social media .
Without social media , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues , or family members .
The information collected may not be intact or true .
Today , with the help of social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching online and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
The disadvantages of having social media in our daily lives include wasting time , causing illness related to sitting for a long time on the computer , the quick spread of rumors and fake news , and , most importantly , making people lose the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face their phones and do not talk with each other .
" If there is a joke on their Facebook page , they may talk to others in this way : " " Hi . Look how ridiculous this is . " " Then they laugh together . "
No matter whether at a party , dinner , or a simple get together , there are always some people who bow their heads and play on their phones even when their family and friends are in front of them .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of the disadvantages of it and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happening to them and their friends and family .
Today 's world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter , which are connecting people around the world .
However , some people worry that social networking can affect interpersonal skills , as it reduces face - to - face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in society are as follows .
Nobody can deny the advantages of social media , as they help connect people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures , and languages .
Social media is a trending channel of communication .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to the world .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
There are no more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends whenever you want .
You can share photos , videos , and every meaningful experience of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , social media networks open opportunities for people due to ability to help people connect .
Fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can broaden their relationships , meet new friends , and learn wonderful things about other parts of the world .
In business , social media is a good tool for developing and advertising products and services .
On the other hand , social media also have disadvantages that have caused worries for society recently and made it a controversial subject .
More and more young people are living in a social media world most of their time with reduced face - to - face contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and social relationships .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy or real .
Everyone can easily make up personalities and characteristics they want .
They can become anyone .
Although social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences together and communicate in face - to - face interactions .
There is a story about a girl who lives in the social media world every night for eight years .
In a chat room , she created close relationships with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trusting them and sharing her life with them .
Eventually , she discovered that the eight people were actually one person who was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also a weakness .
A lot of people use their real information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
People can steal the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft , and so on .
Last but not least , social media affects human interpersonal skills , as people increase the amount of time they spend on social sites and reject opportunities to expose themselves to social daily life activities as well as interact with people .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
As a result , if the situation keeps going on in this unexpected trend , it will have a bad effect on the younger generation .
To put it succinctly , everything has pros and cons .
So does social media networking .
It is not only convenient and beneficial for connecting people and developing businesses , but it can also damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial if we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way , and the combination of both social media sites and daily interactions is needed to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
