Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you will develop heart disease .
However , for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagnosed with a certain genetic disease , are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger to cause frightening effects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have a certain disease , their attitudes will be easily changed , whether they care about us too much or keep away from us .
And both are not what we want , since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is highly likely that we are too distracted to worry about these problems .
" It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the " " potential bomb " " will explode . "
On the other hand , if there are ways to help us control or cure the disease , we can go through these processes with the whole family .
For example , if exercising is helpful for potential genetic diseases , we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise .
And we keep track of all family members ' health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when other members get this disease .
Here , I want to share Forest 's view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to their siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate their own genetic risk to family members who are also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .

Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If a certain genetic disease test is highly accurate and if both treatment and others knowing are necessary and unavoidable , it is okay to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secrets .
Genetic risk does carry consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
After all , what affects one family member may or may not affect another , despite the family having a common genetic makeup , originating from both of the parents .
In cases in which an individual has learned of a genetic disorder , disclosing it or not to their relatives is solely a matter of preference within the indivdual 's moral system .
The issue of the right to know or not know is highly debatable . Although there are genetic risks , one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could result from the family of either parent : his maternal or paternal uncles , aunts , or cousins .
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of their genetic profile , they consequently have knowledge about others .
This knowledge may be relevant to them or not .
An example is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Does one who suffered from this disease keep it a secret or inform one 's relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that one undergoes periodic health checks on their own .
Sometimes , some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
" Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered in ( the son or daughter for example ) , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes precedence for being " " allowed " " to tell . "
For example , within a family , regardless of who first received the genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any child or adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information , as they may not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
" The notion of authority also extended " " vertically . " " "
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even if she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective , these findings are important because if lay constructions of the family and kinship are a social construct , they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships or about which blood ( or non - blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; they are also likely to be dependent on cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk in making considered decisions about disclosure .
" The question of whose duty it is to inform ( or not inform ) at - risk relatives greatly depends on personal morals and how " " direct " " the risk is to them . "
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell their close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that their family members are able to perform some daily exercises to prevent the potential disease or go to hospital and check for the corresponding flows .
In my opinion , although the annoyance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of privacy , the carrier is obligated to tell their relatives about the issue in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I largely agree with this statement .
Focus on the negative side of the annoyance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret , as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry a certain disease .
Especially for young unmarried people , if someone is known to have a genetic risk , there may be a chance that their child would carry the same disease , but this is not guaranteed .
Therefore , keeping the information as a secret from their future spouse would help the relationship .
Second , announcing the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue . Although the issue would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future and would thus go to the hospital and do additional checks or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease . This creates unnecessary costs for the family .
Furthermore , the announcement of genetic risk would affect the relationship with relatives , as sometimes relatives may not stay too close to the carrier , so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept a secret , it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep the privacy , but it has a much larger negative impact on the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouses they may carry a certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene , together with their daily habits .
For example , a carrier is told that he / she has the risk to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candy and chocolate to prevent intake of too much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tells this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes , and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties do not know , they may end up with diabetes in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we can tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carrier 's relatives outweighs the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
It is a long - term discussion whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by genes .
From a legal aspect , the answer is no , but from an ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
First , someone having any kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privacy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others his or her privacy , especially when one is not willing to do so .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorder and other disorders ?
It is unfair to release a law that only points to genetic disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her diseases .
First , what is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives , such as parents and brothers and sisters , or does he also need to tell relatives such as his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say you only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibility of having such kinds of diseases .
How can a law made by a government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential diseases ?
However , from an ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he or she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic disorder .
By doing this , they may be able to save the lives of their relatives .
It is because a carrier with bad genes may not necessarily have those genetic diseases if they can have a correspondingly healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function becomes stronger .
A typical example is genetically caused hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems , which makes it harder for the carrier to digest fat and salt in the blood , which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they become adults .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have a higher possibility of getting hypertension .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push a genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives , but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , fewer of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might be chances for them to have it in their blood , for which they may take necessary precautions to prevent .
If it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most relatives will be disheartened upon having knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will have the option of keeping it as a secret .
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
Some say that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered personal information that should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her condition .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he might not wish to inform relatives as he might end up disheartening his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism to their families .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell relatives because they will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take measures to reduce the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic disease , given the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is found at an early stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of a genetic risk , relatives can have medical check - ups , which might save them by finding it at an earlier stage .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform relatives of the risk of getting the same genetic disease .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issues , everyone should be given the right to know their family 's inherited medical conditions .
However , some think that it may be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading happy lives .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having a risk for a genetic disease will just add to their misery , as there is nothing that they can do about it .
It depends on the individual and the nature of the disease , but they should be obligated to inform their relatives if it is possible to cure or prevent it .
Genetic testing is a personal decision , with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even if there is no risk at all .
Early pre - examination is healthy , as it will cast away doubts and improve the psychological health of those who are affected .
A genetic risk carrier should be given a choice about informing their relatives .
They should not be forced or obligated to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice , there must be some rules to regulate and the exercise of personal decision - making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor , then the decision to inform relatives should most likely be made with the consideration of the patient 's parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile , or they may be unaware of the consequences of their genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of the patient or their parents could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to done by the immediate family , as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or their family members .
Some families may feel hurt , with regard to their family pride or reputation , upon learning of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
However , there is a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There may be a possibility that the genetic disorder could affect others within the same family tree .
Informing relatives of a genetic disease is vital , as it may help to raise awareness of and prevent the disorder .
This information will also help their relatives make informed decisions and undergo genetic testing .
Having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would benefit their emotional health .
If the results turn out otherwise , then the family can prepare emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if they have been informed .
Having support from relatives is vital , as it ensures that the genetic risk carrier is not alone in facing their illness . It will certainly provide a morale boost , as the whole family will share a common sentiment regarding the prospect of a genetic disorder that could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such a genetic disorder will depend on the situation and background of the affected family , with the freedom of choice given to the patient in making the decision to inform others .
A person with a disorder , whether mental or physical , is always easy to be made aware by their family .
When it comes to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation - to - generation , but not all offspring show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes , a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies because none of their family members have observable symptoms .
As a result , in the case that a family member feels uncomfortable or abnormal , they should know whether the disorder is a genetic risk .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is whether to reveal the problem to their relatives .
If the disorder symptoms occur in a child , the parent will certainly be informed by the medics , and then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' conditions .
In contrast , if the carrier is an adult who can choose whether to inform their relatives about the risk , it will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves their family more than themselves , there is no doubt that they will tell their family about the issue .
That is true , and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think this another way : if a child knows that he is at risk of being a carrier , and the risk might also be inherited by his child in the future , his whole life will have a dilemma .
Of course , they will think of not having any children after getting married , and the cousins will have the same thought .
As a result , the family line stops the moment an adult carrier announces their issue .
In China , the older generation with a traditional cultural background will always think of having more children and grandchildren to liven up and strengthen the family .
The reason is that after WWII , the population of China decreased dramatically and the government encouraged the people to have more children .
During that period , if one family member showed genetic disorder symptoms , they would have fallen into an ethical dilemma for sure .
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He had to choose whether to protect his family or make it more prosperous , even with a potential generic risk .
Thus , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and to let the truth be hidden forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they do not understand the position or duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about the consequences of telling their relatives about their generic disorder .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform their relatives , but it is also an obligation to liven up the family .
Regardless , if the disorder is unlikely to be fatal , or if it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell their relatives about it .
One of the reasons is because as a carrier , they need mental support to go through their situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on their own .
By telling her family , other than giving support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bonds we have with our families are the biggest pillars of support for carriers .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform their family , as other family members might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could undergo a full check - up , and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform , especially if the disease is contagious , as the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading to society .
For every action , there are always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to their family members , as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or to feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could cause a lot of money spending for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be a burden on her family .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
They do not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know whether this negative effect will happen when the carrier decides to tell their family of their condition .
In conclusion , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest about their feelings , and I believe that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on in their life .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier without the family members being informed , it could be the cause of huge regret in their lives , since the carrier would leave without them knowing about it .
Moreover , it is better to think about solutions for your problem with the family members , as there would be more people to think about it , rather than thinking about it and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the mental or even monetary support from the family could help the carrier fight against the genetic disease .
It is true that there are lots of cancer patients who were given a second chance to live as normal people because they have strong mental support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can fight any disease , as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
As technology has been advancing , it has reached a stage in which the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual use of the technology .
Genetic testing has been made possible : it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness ; however , it can also make a situation worse by revealing who the carrier is in the family .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives . I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so , because I belive that they have the right to not tell .
First , genetic testing is not compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier ; however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
" If he chooses to be uncertain about what the genes hold and is willing to accept that , he can do that , and this was " " normal " " for everyone in the past , as genetic testing was not possible . "
It could rather be better for them this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of preventing giving birth to people with disabilities and making them suffer in real life .
I think the correct reason for going through the genetic testing is so that a family member who can not afford to have a child with a disability does not have to give birth to such a child and consequently make the entire family suffer .
However , I belive that the carrier has the right to not tell anyone but has the responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemmas .
If the result turns out to be something that the carrier can not accept , then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I believe that even the carrier has the right to not know the facts .
After realizing that they are the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could cause a problem in the family due to the fact and create more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it is entirely up to the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives and that they have no obligation to tell .
In fact , I strongly believe that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and take appropriate action regarding the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might experience and the sense of guilt can be more than expected and can be a burden on the mind for the rest of their life .
On the other hand , without the knowledge of any genetic disorder and accepting that fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
For years , debates have occured about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform their relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be told to others , especially close family members , is the topic that is worth discussing .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed , as a family - related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , several arguments will be presented in support of the view that any carrier of that known genetic risk should tell their relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family , with them welcoming us to a new world .
We were crying hard , but we were not alone . It 's our family that raises us .
Hence , they should be the people we are grateful for and the people we would like to share joy with .
However , in a case pertaining to any health issue ( to the extent of a serious disorder ) , it may seem pointless sharing , but this involves more than just sharing bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose one 's health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family .
" This is because this case of a health issue is related to genetic risk , with an emphasis on " " genetic , " " which highlights the risk of passing the disorder to the next generation . "
Therefore , I would agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell their relatives , to avoid any family - related ethical dilemmas that could arise in the future .
Despite the fact that one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such a health issue or bear it by themselves , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives for the purpose of a proper discussion of solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed when facing such a disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring toward the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle against such a disorder risk .
Moreover , the genetic risk may pass to the next generation , and it will thus involve more than just one family .
Therefore , I would agree that there is an obligation to tell the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and make a plan for giving birth .
This would avoid the rise of other family - related ethical dilemmas .
There are other intangible advantages that could support informing the relatives once the results are known after the test is conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid family - related ethical dilemmas , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform their relatives .
The benefits of doing so outweigh the disadvantages .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is deciding whether one should inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in society .
However , it leads to a new problem : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives ?
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a variety of perspectives among the people .
" Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue , which is " " should or should not . " " "
" First , I believe most of us will agree with the following sentence : " " I would be anxious for my family member if they told me that they were a carrier of a known genetic risk . " " "
Frequently , the intention of the carriers who do not want to tell their families is to continue their own lives without the anxiety of their families .
It is obvious that it is better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges by themselves .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against the demon .
The demon is not easily defeated , and it requires a lot of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support that you can not find by yourself .
That is the most essential element to overcome the challenges .
Moreover , the known genetic risk is so serious that it can not be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Lying on a bed for the rest of life and even immediate death are the consequences that we can not imagine .
Families are dearest in our lives .
Without their concern and support , it is hard to stay until this time .
They play the important role in our life that can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also critically affect the next generation .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's family without the agreement of the carrier .
It is the duty of the hospital staff to keep the secrets of any patient .
We can not blame them for being liable for the undesired consequences .
However , a hospital can provide a counselor to advise the carrier about the actions that can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstance will not happen again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties , which is a win - win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell their relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be a special case that is hard to define .
Thus , advice from a hospital plays an important role for this .
The carrier is responsible for balancing their own interests with the benefits for the family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make , but with the most appropriate method , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and their family in the future .
With the risk of having a genetic disorder , many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the results being known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed as a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem : should they warn their relatives about the possibility of them carrying the same genetic risk ?
Or , they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
In my opinion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives , because of the following reasons .
First , from the perspective of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy for carriers .
They may not want this truth to influence their life , or they may want to keep it a secret and do not want others to know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may result in them being discriminated against or sympathized with , which are not positive factors for their life .
Second , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can approach a doctor to consult about this .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell their relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as they have to accept the truth , which may make the rest of their life miserable .
Many people argue that setting the obligation may help more people ( the relatives of the carriers ) save their lives because of early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors such as psychological influence and social influence are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that they may have a higher risk of getting sick , they may be scared about the unknowns in their life , their partners , spouse , and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen , which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
On the other hand , as stated above , a person who wants confirmation and has prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the perspective of human rights , the freedom of relatives , as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
A carrier of a genetic disorder knowing that they are a carrier causes more dilemmas than getting the disorder .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell their relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and should share their problems regarding genetic disorders .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions physically , through actions that reduce the chance of it being inherited by offspring , and mentally if the actions fail to prevent it from being inherited .
Many syndromes , such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome , can be prevented if the mother takes proper medication and does n't consume harmful goods during her pregnancy .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives about her condition .
If more people ( relatives ) know about her problem , more information channels will be provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome , then the family has to accept this fact and do whatever they can to create a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is still a chance of the gene being inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases incur high costs due to the treatment and medication .
Albinism is one of the examples .
People with albinism have sensitive skin and need regular treatment .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigmentation , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen outdoors ,   chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , medication costs are very expensive .
It takes a lot of effort to take care of your body and prevent bigger problems .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of these diseases is sickle cell trait .
Usually , people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene , and this may lead to circulatory problems , such as blood blocking .
If parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose that information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly , it is important for parents mentally boost up their children with genetic disorders .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock your conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from the closest ones .
Who else other than their family would be willing to do that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have to mentally prepare first by disclosing the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared to the last century .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods used to diagnose an individual at risk of a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family - related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives . That is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder , so other family members also have an almost equal risk of having it . Therefore , this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has the human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James , about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will likely happen to him .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having a similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders that affect them .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent such disorders or reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
" In addition , doctors usually say , " " Prevention is better than curation , " " which gives us an idea that preventing a disorder from happening has far more advantages than curing it . "
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such a disorder can prevent the disorder from happening by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and doing exercise for at least 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happening .
Together with the advancement of technology over the past few decades , medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly occuring . Doctors with advanced medical knowledge are able to diagnose and conduct genetic testing on patients to help them take necessary steps to protect their life . However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue for both the patient and the doctor . In my opinion , I feel a strong urge to support the obligation to inform patients ' relatives .
As it is a genetic risk , the patient 's next - of - kin might have a high chance of carrying the risk . Hence , the need to inform their relatives is important , so that necessary prevention actions can be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur . For example , if you are the only child in a family and ,   unfortunately , you are suffering from a genetic disease with a genetic trait that might be passed on to the next generation if you have a child , letting your family members know about the situation   would lessen your family 's stresses about forcing you to settle down and have children . However , social ethical issues , like discrimination and privacy , are the biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforcing patients or doctors to disclose information to patients ' relatives . Doing so challenges confidentiality and privacy principles . Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States , there is no legal obligation requirements about disclosing information to relatives . It is up to a patient to disclose this to their family members . Early disclosure to family members brings about positive reactions and prevention , as was the case with Angelina Jolie . She chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce her risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent . I can still recall that her reason for disclosing her own story was that she did not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However , there are still people against the decision of revealing private information . As in the case of Alzheimer patients , it is the patient 's choice to disclose information . However , research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret how and to whom Alzheimer 's disease information will be disclosed to minimize potential negative impacts on family members ( DementiaToday , 2012 ) . There are associations that provide help to Alzheimer 's patients like the Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) . Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving help and support from everyone , patients need to receive immediate understanding and support from family members during difficult times .
In conclusion , the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that explains when a doctor should opt to reveal information to relatives members about a genetic disease and in which situations it is open to a patient 's decision . In addition , the state could also encourage them to create assistance schemes to provide necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for their own benefit and that of their family members . Although this may face challenges due to social and ethical issues , in the long term , with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government , more individuals could have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and that of their loved ones .
Nowadays , studies in the genetic field have gone further and further due to the high - velocity technological advancements .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) , was started .
In comparison , the field of genetic testing enables people to be aware of the risks of a possible genetic disorder , as technology is already very mature , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has the right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the results with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , patients that are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people .
It is a duty that all of society has .
Take H1N1 as an example . Everyone in Singapore , including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office , and passengers on the street , is forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and put their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no doubts .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder , both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the basis of the family .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , a patient 's life is no better than death .
Family members , as one of the closest groups of people from whom they can get comfort , are a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of a genetic disorder .
A study by New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2 - 4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , they survive 30 % longer due to family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may raise some unnecessary doubts and fears that will endanger the family 's harmony .
While every family needs to go through some troublesome situations , the more troubles that a family goes through together , the greater the bond that will be established between the family members , and the greater the amount of trust , love , and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other , all these troubles are just ways to make them stronger .
Just as Kelly Clarkson 's lyrics say , what does n't kill you makes you stronger .
Being in an Asian society in which genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient to tell their relatives about their disease .
The courage to take the genetic test and inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental , even though it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information .
Nevertheless , while I feel that a carrier should not be obligated to tell their relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest that the person at least share the information with their potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
" Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases , and many of them will most likely judge or at least discriminate against those who have genetic diseases , since they will feel that the patients are abnormal or " " weird . " " "
This is because many relate genetic diseases to diseases such as bubble boy disease , autism , or Down syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
While we do know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations , many people still do this whether realizing it or not .
In this particular case , we are discussing whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a risk of a particular genetic disease .
" It is normal for people to demand fair treatment and similar treatment to others , and therefore , it is normal for people to try to keep some secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently . Many people love to hear what they want to hear , and therefore , they may just ignore the word " " risk " " and assume that the person is suffering from the disease . "
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family , since his family may either become paranoid or judge him and act differently .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his , since he is not an actual sufferer .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected . While I do think that these people have a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a factor .
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members , but can we really trust all our other relatives ?
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a highly personal matter , it is the person 's choice to tell the relatives about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell their future partner about the potential risk since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
There may be a possibility that both the husband and wife are carriers , and therefore , they should not have any child , since their child may not be able to survive even after being born .
Or , in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning . Therefore , although no one is obliged to talk about their genetic risk to anyone , they should be encouraged to tell their future partner .
In conclusion , in terms of whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives about his genetic risk , the choice is his , because it is his own genetics and he has the full right to make this choice .
He may have different considerations other than the judgment of people or making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it , and we have no right to say that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless , and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the improvement of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
Genetic risk refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore , an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives should be informed that their children have genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with a genetic risk .
The child with a genetic risk may not have the ability to work or to build up the family with the others , and most of the time , they are not acceptable for the majority .
" They may not be able to enjoy things a " " normal " " person can enjoy . "
This competitive world is cruel to those who are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected to foster their child if they are not able to foster themselves .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases such as cancer or heart disease , which would mean that the parents would have another heavy problem , namely medication fees .
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that is not able to work and may suffer pain for their entire life .
The other reason that parents should know their baby is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
There are always newspaper reports of newborn babies having to be abandoned at hospitals after they realize the babies have diseases that need a huge amount of money to treat .
For countries such as Singapore , they are short on manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year , the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled through measures such as medical subsidies and building up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing the number of disabled people in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing other things such as the military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many miscarriages happen in hospitals every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe parents have the right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support the theory that every person has the right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay at a hospital every day with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what is best for their children , thus they will make the right decision after they have been informed .
Also , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent tragedies .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have full control of his or her information and it is his or her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their baby could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who support this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at a high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the results can allow them to largely reduce the cost of undergoing multiple tests .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If a person has disease C , it might be the result of gene A.
He runs a test and learns that he has the gene AA .
This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at a high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at a high risk of having disease C if he runs a test and learns that he has the Aa gene .
This means one of his parents has gene A and the cost of one test could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can somehow be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved by personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives . If there is no serious consequence of telling them , I assume most people would tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes up when they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that they might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
If a person is obliged to tell his or her relatives , he or she might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene Aa is connected to a very serious disease .
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone will know that he is a carrier .
So all the married couples go run tests and learn they are not carriers . They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family , and one of the family member test positive , who else does he need to tell .
If it is a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needs to run a test because his cousin has this disease .
However wife D is not even at risk of having this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theater .
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risky gene , and his family might be a genetically risky family .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his or her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
A carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursue the comfort of their own life but also the better development of following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has become so advanced , it is possible for people to make decisions to take genetic tests so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risks that can affect the next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
There are two basic reasons for this .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self - wellness and the health of your relatives , and the second one is being responsible for the next generation .
Your relatives ' and families ' awareness of your genetic risk is good for your self - wellness and the health of your relatives .
Because , if you are carrying a genetic risk , then there is a great possibility that your relatives , like parents or siblings , are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone genetic testing , it 's just odd , and fate will happen to both you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone it and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do checks regularly .
Therefore , telling family and relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even preventing them from getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also responsible for the next generation by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to the baby , it is possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk .
Being the parent , you are responsible for the next generations , since you allowed the genetic risk to be passed on by generation after generation and were aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer her a chance to decide whether to have a child or not .
If you still decide to have the baby , since technology is advancing , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering genes is perfected and widely used , and you can then choose to give birth to babies and give them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing genetic testing in the first place .
In conclusion , once you have undergone genetic testing and are aware of carrying a specific genetic risk , you have a responsibility to your relatives , yourself , and future generations to tell your relatives and families the truth .
To tell or not to tell
Consider a case in which we decided to undergo genetic testing and know the result of it .
We found that we actually are a genetic risk carrier .
Then we must decide whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on their whole life .
So , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
If we find we are carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits , such as eating less sugar - containing food and keeping a positive attitude .
It is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better the habits they will develop and the better the rest of their lives .
What 's more , they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not , which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that we should n't interfere with their lives .
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news , especially if they find out that they or their descendants may have a serious disease , such as a blood disease that is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative tells you that there is a possibility that you may encounter some disease in the future ; what feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives , and we will think about it every day .
We may become so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
At the same time , there is also the chance that the genetic test result is not correct , which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so we are actually bringing trouble to them .
Personally , I feel that we are still responsible for telling them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , we should do it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should remember that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them that they will start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a baby because of this genetic problem , and they will start finding ways to avoid their baby carrying this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should remember that they are our loved ones , and we need to tell them to help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell .
Genetic testing is conducted when the individual is at risk for a disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused extensive social controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier , which should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her situation .
This essay will illustrate this in two aspects .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a risky gene , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble and allow time for proper treatment .
Sometimes a life may even be saved if they are told early and receive timely treatment .
So , in consideration of other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Second , it can help avoid genetic disease being passed to the next generation .
They should let their potential spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they decide whether or not to have a baby .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls and vice versa .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , their child may inherit the genetic disease .
I read a true story in a newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son who is five years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill , and he was diagnosis a genetic disease that is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family carried the polygenetic disorder and can pass it only to boys , not to girls .
Therefore , their son inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage , and she did not tell her husband .
The son died after one year of treatment , and the couple got divorced later after that .
If the wife had not hidden the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they had a baby , the tragedy would not have happened .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell their relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time , if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
However , I thought that the genetic information was one person 's personal privacy , which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives .
There are three reasons , as follows :
First , information concerning genetics is something personal , which is also private , like people 's bank card keys .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission , even though they are their family or relatives .
The government should make laws to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other people .
They may know the person 's potential disability , disease , or other bad things .
They may have a bias against this person , or even abandon them .
People do not have the ability to choose their genes ; they should not be thought badly of because of a bad gene .
So I think whatever the gene is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone , even their family .
Second , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family , or even break the relation between children and the adult .
Once their family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , some barrier would appear that will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between parents and their children should not be tested only genetically ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
Parents give knowledge and love to their children , and they feel happy in the company of the children .
The children rely on the parents to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank them for their dedication .
The relationship between parents and children is about love and dedication .
Nobody wants to see the scene of a broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology for testing genes is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of incorrect testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and struggle for their whole lives .
Therefore , I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives without the person 's permission .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology .
People will know whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done a genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they carry the disease genes , they should be responsible and tell their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that they carry a known genetic risk .
But if they are all from one family and have the same forefather , then of course they have the same genes in some part .
Therefore , there is nothing to be shy or afraid of .
If the person tell their relatives that they carry a disease gene , their relatives can go to the hospital to check whether they also carry a disease gene .
Then , the relatives can prepare themselves and prevent the disease from occurring .
Also , they can prevent the disease from going to their offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share their experiences with them and give some help . They will also teach them how to communicate with others about this issue .
If they get married , they must tell their partner that they carry a disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Or else , if they hold back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time ; their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
After they came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene , so they can not have a baby in their life .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband .
After getting the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman knew how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes that they are born with .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inherited by their children .
Telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , and many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect individuals at risk of a disorder .
However , there arises a family - related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Although it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then , they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotionally prepare .
Take Angeline Jolie for example : she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also somehow related to the others ' risk .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , though it may be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social lives , people can face more dramatic tragedies such as sickness or death if they can not overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome hard times .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , and especially if the situations of other relatives worsen , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever , and when it is revealed , the more shocking and upsetting it will be .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives to tell the genetic testing results as needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the results to your family can improve and develop understanding of and sympathy for each other as well as promote awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
This plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome social discrimination and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in a nutshell , I believe that people should have an obligation to tell their relatives about genetic testing results for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their families .
In addition , emotional preparation and the way you explain your genetic condition are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and , if necessary , guide them if they wish to conduct similar genetic testing .
The Impact of Social Media
Social media has played a vital role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it .
I started using Facebook one year ago when I had just arrived in Singapore .
And now I have over 500 friends on Facebook and bury myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
We know each others ' statuses , changes , and so on through social media .
For example , if we change our contact numbers , we no longer send SMS to each individual .
Instead , we post a seed and tag our friends to inform them of this kind of change .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space . Our friends also have more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
Also , we get a chance to talk to public people such as popular stars and to know their lives better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , such as firefighters , police stations and so on .
Social media allows them to explain or inform people what is going on .
Actually , many rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for lost people and so on .
With more convenient and human communications , the relationship between government and people has largely improved .
What 's more , various cultures can be shown to us through social media .
We can know more news and cultures through social media .
From this scope , social media has shortened our distance .
However , we have fewer chances and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convenient , advanced , and interesting .
And even as we gather together , more people find themselves with fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as though we are in front of each other ; sometimes , when we are by each others ' sides , we seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships not as stable , secure , and reliable as before .
Besides , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
To some extent , this makes our lives more luxurious and blundering .
For myself , I long to go to some places after I saw those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Sometimes I can not even sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life go by so fast and leaves us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important , and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills , require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media has definitely had its stint ; but like all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important benefits of social media .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available for their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between users .
For example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to only have in hardcopy over the web , and the process takes seconds .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
This convenience is perceived as almost being in real time .
Next , communication is also greatly improved .
In the past , most communication was done by one of many things , such as telegrams , snail mail , and poor - quality voice calls .
With the introduction of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual was able to phase out most of the old communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a web camera could also be affixed to emulate a ' real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have taken a different turn without easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intensively use social media all the time .
Intimate contact is greatly lacking in social media interactions , particularly contact from touch .
Having to meet and interact to talk allows one to be closer to the recipient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction that utilizes the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
This is unlike the use of social media in which most interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary skills required for proper interpersonal relationships .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences among people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is skill on its own ; some have it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , using tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who rank lower in interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Although social media is not necessarily bad , it must be used appropriately for work , family , and friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of : informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The amount of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
Those who live in the same community should at least meet up and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other .
At the same time , this improves interpersonal skills through dynamic practice between individuals and real - time presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media has helped people have closer connections with each other . It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have contact than face - to - face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook do not affect the opportunity for people to have face - to - face contact and thus negatively affect interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chances of having face - to - face contact among people .
First , social media networks have a large user base , which helps link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without social networks , people may not have had the chance to know others from different countries or people they have never met before .
The number of people that they know may only be limited to the people they meet in daily life , such as classmates and work partners .
Therefore , social networks bring more and more connections between people who may have a chance to chat with people they never knew before , and this also helps to develop their interpersonal skills .
Second , although social networks allow people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others in daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people increase the frequency of talking .
For example , if social networks did not exist , business people would need to meet each other face to face , and that is time consuming . Even sometimes with business that is not so important , it takes a lot time to travel , which is a waste .
However , social networks help people to meet and chat much more easier . They can even use video chat and create group chats to talk with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interviews with applicants as it saves time and money .
Social networks can also have negative impacts on people .
The largest negative impact is that , due to online networks , some people start to use and rely on the internet all the time .
They spend too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have daily meetings with people in their real life .
It not only affects their interpersonal skills but is also bad for people 's health if they spend too much time on social media .
Second , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe . People may not effectively protect their privacy online , and some people may use others ' personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , in the unsafe online environment , spending too much time on the internet may be a potential negative factor of using online social networks .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and increases the frequency of meeting with others .
It also helps people develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting .
Overall , there are more benefits than drawbacks .
The world is increasingly becoming flat because of all kinds of social network websites , such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away eats for lunch because of these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social media have a lot of advantages because they let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ignored when you consider it a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provides us with many conveniences .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone , we can know their latest news by scanning the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favorite singers is Justin Bieber through Facebook , you can give them Justin Bieber 's new album or a concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surely become closer .
In addition , social network sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt .
Without Facebook , we may have lost contact .
However , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently , as we are living close to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
Research shows that people will unconsciously hide their real thought when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personality by reading things that they put on social network media .
It will make them quite upset when they communicate in real life .
" In addition , with all those " " nice " " guys around on social network websites , one may neglect people surrounding them and just communicate with friends on Facebook . "
It is a common scene where two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other and just look at their cellphones .
This kind of behavior is not good for people 's psychological health , according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different from face - to - face communication , and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real - life communication .
In addition , cyber relationships can not always work in real life .
With no close relationships in real life , only close cyber friends , one is more likely to feel lonely because a physiological need for human beings is to feel the bond with others through our five senses .
With the willingness of people to become the best among others , social network sites have become a place to show off .
Some people will to post their expensive things or overseas places of interest they have been to on a social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is mentally unhealthy , and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become material .
Last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit crimes .
Above all , social network sites are like a two - sided knife , and people can only take advantage of them by avoiding their possible disadvantages , such as by putting less personal information on their Facebook page .
Modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common in contemporary society . People can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends with similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions among people , as they prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media can disseminate information faster than any other media .
About 50 % of people learn about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time reading newpapers .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones can access social media sites , which has made them easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb that had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this resulted in temporarily closed schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites , despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media can improve relationships and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many teenagers today claimed that they can keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies .
However , people maintaining their relationships as well as making new friends requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media , as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are chances for people to miscommunicate with each other , as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in contemporary society is able to help one improve relationships and make new friends , as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances for miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All in all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement , and there are more to come in future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly facilitated long - distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience .
With a globalized and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction .
With just a touch of any media / electronic device , one can easily interact and communicate with one 's friends without much hassle .
Thus , long - distance relationships or friendships can be maintained , and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
The sharing of personal photos , the posting of the status of one 's personal feelings or experiences , and the ability to reply to these posts have allowed human interaction to be engaged and expanded with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platforms .
Thus , socialization can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilization of such social media platforms . Meet - ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
With the frequent use of and reliance on social media and the internet , a society that socializes through cyberspace will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain regarding the reliability or truth of some posts or information we received through the internet .
We may in actual fact be communicating with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real , but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face - to - face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction , which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emoticons can be used to show certain emotions , this differs from the authentic emotion of your friends when you observe their body language and their facial expressions .
The danger of such media socialization is the uncertainty of such communication due to a lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human interpersonal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet - ups .
This lowers humans ' ability to interact with one another , which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real - life interaction with humans will not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance between social media interaction and face - to - face human interaction among its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news , and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artist or celebrity they love and use Facebook to see their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they can still use the phone to make normal calls and send messages to contacts .
Not only the phone does jobs for them , but so do many other devices , like personal computers , laptops , and tablets , which are able to connect to the internet .
It is obvious to see that the internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding how social media actually pose some inevitable disadvantages to people .
People can only use electrical devices to access the internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the internet .
Generally , people need eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the device .
As a result , they lose the use of their eyes and hands to express their feelings to the people near them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face - to - face communication .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinner in a restaurant does not chat , because they are holding their display screen with one hand while the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a cafe does not chat either , because they do not know what to talk about , so they press their display screens .
Children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are or who lives next door ; all they know is pressing icons on screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduce face - to - face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , their interpersonal communication skills will degrade and eventually be lost .
First , they have lost the courage to meet strangers ; they do not even have the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in person , and they will not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media help them do jobs but indirectly affect their interpersonal skills .
Social media do have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and read the news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via social media software instead of making an international call , which costs a lot for a normal - salary family .
He can even talk to his daughter face to face using a video call via the internet .
Second , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends about their recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travelling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has tried unsuccessfully to contact him via telephone calls , the friend might be able to discover his whereabouts using social media .
These are the advantages that save work most of the time .
To conclude , social media benefits people in several ways but , at the same time , harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way .
With the aid of social media , people bond globally , information flows rapidly , and humans live happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship , and now we can use airplanes .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we needed to post our letters , but now we can use email , which stands for electronic mail , or even use our mobile phones to send our messages to our friends .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved ones is increasing .
This is because , by the ease of technology such as airplanes , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you might be away from your family to pursue your studies or even your career .
Thus , Twitter and Facebook have become two of the media that we need .
Nevertheless , everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
These approaches help parents communicate with their children and know what kind of activities their children engage in when they are overseas .
Social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved ones even though you are separated by distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family , but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces concentration levels , especially among youngsters .
This is because everyone has the habit of checking their Facebook page , as friends post new things every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concentrating when they are supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they are distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own life by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites ; however , in this case , striking a balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of social media platforms is commonplace in our lives .
In an increasingly globalized world , such platforms even enhance and complicate the links between individuals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes , for companies , or for personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real - life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face - to - face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident online , where they do not have to face real - life , on - the - spot situations , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option of turning their back on real life and going online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self - identity in real life and may not know how to interact with people in real life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits of investing an enormous amount of time and energy are not reflected in the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is this : the more people get into social media , the more they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short - lived and easily lost ; thus , they do not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a study , it has been proven that users feel sadder after using Facebook , and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people post only the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make users stay , such as the links among people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendship on such virtual worlds is superficial , which is not relevant to real life .
Also , as numerous profit - driven companies realize the huge amount of human traffic on such social media sites , they treat the sites as ponds in which to fish for customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit - driven companies to have access to users ' information .
As this happens , users are more and more vulnerable to fraud .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment ; however , I believe that when people realize that these sites are not making them better people in real life , they will not indulge in these sites as much as they do now .
The users will soon realize that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach their friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or torn apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people  even members of the older generation  are on at least one social media platform , such as Facebook .
" Parents are now the " " friends " " of their kids , and they can now " " follow " " their kids more closely and in real time . "
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities on Twitter and frequently post various photos on Facebook to be connected with their so - called friends .
However , as we tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced face - to - face human contact , it will eventually affect our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers and Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Unlike keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media platforms like Facebook are a great way for friends from different fields , or even from different parts of the world , to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check the friend 's profile and read his or her updates .
On the other hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall , and our friends could read the newsfeed .
This allows friends who may not have the time to meet up to connect in another way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can cause us to fall apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the time reduction of face - to - face contact .
This subsequently leads to poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circles .
" For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us , " " Today is someone 's birthday " " . "
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes on cards during festive seasons like Chinese New Year , and it feels so good to write one and , of course , to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone are the times , and now we do mass sending , and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
" As time passes , we may have more " " friends " " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined . "
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world and the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of their impacts on the actual lives that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face - to - face meetings , but social media sites are only tools for enhancing them .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in society .
I believe that 80 percent of people play on social media sites .
These sites play a role in connecting people around the world .
It consists of the functions of connecting , sharing , interacting , and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to social media , which are concerning in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
First , with the functions of social media sites that connect people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends , families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who live in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to these countries .
It saves a lot of money and time and strengthens our relationships , although we live in different places around the world .
Companies can also use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype , to facilitate meetings with parties of projects around the world .
Substantial costs are saved without tiring travel from one point to another .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors , which benefits companies more and boosts company profit .
However , there are always two sides to each story .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces face - to - face connections between humans .
Since ancient times , humans have interacted with others face to face .
Without facial impression , it is easy to misunderstand the intentions of speakers .
This is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
" In addition , " " social media sites will affect writing skills " " , which is a point of view in society . "
Based on a statistical report , writing skills will be more reduced when more time is spent on social media sites .
I believe most of us have had the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Autocorrection software is so effective when using electronic devices that we do not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill of people who express their own feelings and opinions .
' Privacy ' is a word that is popular in these few decades .
Humans have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about social media sites leaking users ' information to companies for cash reimbursement .
Everything we type on social media sites is recorded in the servers and then transferred to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like there are no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by government laws but also spied on by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides to a story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should make efforts to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for us and the next generation .
With widespread advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook and Twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work .
In this situation , both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives .
On one side , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other at any time and anywhere .
Whether we are at home , at school , at work , or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media makes it possible to have interactions by writing comments .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get in contact with our friends .
Some people who try to talk in public can also actively take part in group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update friends ' statuses and contact friends more frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink the influences brought by social media .
There are still many disadvantages to using social media .
First , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face - to - face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people 's lives , people are more willing to use social media for chatting than face - to - face chatting , which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Second , people 's overaddition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from overdependence on virtual social networking .
More and more , networking has been transferred to the internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers , who are growing with social changes , to get hurt .
Third , a lot of updating of luxury living standards as well as other show - off situations may make people 's daily lives more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate growing social trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction , and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may last for a long time .
Therefore , every time we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of social media .
In a sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are no longer a problem because communication and information technologies are continuously enhanced .
The telephone may have been perceived as the biggest innovation ever created when Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since the internet was known , the telephone started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are given to users .
Let us take examples from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , people are able to maintain relationships with their old acquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular addresses may change from time to time , while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using names and photos , for example , as the identifiers .
Facebook is like a combination of a message and chatting service , personal profile , sharing media , and other entertainment add - ons .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people and to update and express themselves .
Twitter , which has more simplified functions compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information - sharing media .
Twitter only allows users to give updates that are limited to short sentences to spread the words quickly so that only highlighted messages are delivered .
On Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , and even documents and data can be shared through Facebook .
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications in our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects , which people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that the frequency of face - to - face meetings among people who are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
As a consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say , but in face - to - face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth may not be well arranged as the picture of your personality .
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant , but everybody is busy with their own gadgets , posting pictures on Facebook , updating statuses on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
Social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries , but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that was mentioned before , which can decrease qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets and not facing human beings .
" Another disadvantage that affects people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " " false images " " in public . "
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all .
Other people are then influenced by us and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think lowly of themselves , which may lead to depression and mental disorders .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think about and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies greatly improves the lives of many people .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits for communication between people , while others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
One of the advantages of social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In past decades , when social media sites were not yet fully developed , people connected with others who lived far away by using the phone or even letters .
However , calling a person using a phone or writing a person a letter requires some cost , and sending a letter to a person who lives far away , especially in villages , takes a lot of time .
The appearance of those social media sites has caused those problems to be solved .
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on communication , and it only takes a few seconds for the message to reach them .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person they have not seen for a very long time , such as their friends from primary and secondary school .
When we graduate from school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a phone call or letter .
If phones and letters are the only ways to contact them , we would probably not able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as alternative routes to make connections between us and our old friends .
Hence , social media sites serve as platforms for connection .
Everything that comes with benefits will also have disadvantages .
On the other hand , social media sites also cause some negative impacts for people and society .
The advancement of social media sites makes people so reliant on them that some of them prefer using these sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem caused by social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face - to - face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people .
As we all know , interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to effectively present their ideas .
As a result , they will gradually lose their ability to compete with each other in society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As a part of modern society , we should learn to distinguish between the good and bad impacts caused by the advancement of technologies , avoid the cons , and maximize the benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to stay in touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some famous examples are social media sites , such as Twitter and Facebook .
With an increase in users to more than billion from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly their success in playing an important role in our life .
However , there are arguments that social media life causes a reduction in face - to - face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All users need is an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
Second , it helps people to keep in touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Third , social media sites keep us up - to - date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together by allowing us to create our own groups , pages , or sites to share our hobbies , interests , and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our globally interconnected world .
However , social media sites also have a second side with negative impacts on humans .
Undeniably , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socializing and interacting virtually .
We spend the majority of our time on sites such as Facebook and Twitter , and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In the corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees from spending their office time on personal leisure instead of concentrating on their work .
Using text - messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also causes a bad impact for us in a long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the less time we spend on face - to - face interactions with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interactions between humans and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs that occur on both social media sites . People use fake IDs to insult or harass others , like in the case of Heather Chua , which occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwillinness of attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its multiple effects , and it depends on how we exploit it .
With the current booming technology , it is necessary that people become more technology - savvy , and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites . However , this does not mean that we should neglect face - to - face human interaction , as it plays an even more important role in our life .
As more and more social websites , such as Twitter , Facebook , and Weibo , have become ubiquitous , seamless , and imperative in our life , people may worry about younger generations having problems with face - to - face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits of these online chat rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
" Social media enables us to explore the world far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing us a one - week holiday . "
The convenience is beyond description .
" With a small smart phone or a computer at school , work , or home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a " " click " " and learn about their lives by having conversations with them , and reading their blogs , photos , and statuses . "
Compared to face - to - face interactions , online conversations are easier for strangers to open their mouths to each other .
Since some information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to boldly share their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
It was indicated in a report by Boston University in 2012 that 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than a close friend who does not have a Facebook account .
This is because we act like who we are in reality but we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes the genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as the prevalent use of vulgarity and harshly meant comments . We can minimize those repercussions through strict regulation of content online .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world can easily share their thoughts about their governments .
This eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions , where people are less aware of what is happening around them .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots that happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to Zambians quickly through the use of social media .
However , the government controls most of the media .
These social media platforms may be tools of their campaign for manipulating the thoughts of the public .
For example , in the 2012 general election in Singapore , Dr. Tan Chee Keong made use of Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media platforms .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend in face - to - face communication .
A common sight in a food court or restaurant is that of a group of people sitting together around a table , each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy with their overabundance of virtual friends , and some of them neglect the feelings of their real - life friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
What we can do is educate the public about the importance of their friends by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages in our daily lives .
What we can do is cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
With the regulation of the government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thanks to social media , communication between people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication in spite of distance , many other advantages , such as knowledge sharing and trading , can be found in social media as well .
Nevertheless , along with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear , such as a reduction in face - to - face human contact ( which affects interpersonal skills ) , privacy issues , and certain fraudulent activities that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook , and Skype are some social media sites that enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family members who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites , we are able to talk to them , know what their activities are and who their friends are , and more . From a surface perspective , there is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives in spite of distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well : that is why many news publishers today make their own social media accounts . For example , Channel News Asia has a Twitter account and updates its followers with headline news .
That shows how news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , this information can reach them easily without them needing to watch or listen to news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people have started to do their business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends or professional brands selling their products online . We can buy products and contact the sellers through these sites , which can be considered an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them in person ?
I do think there is a difference in it , and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our feelings and may not act like ourselves , since we do not want the other party to judge us .
" Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other since the communication is done through written language , and thus the " " tone " " of the message sent and the tone that is intepreted when it is received may be different . "
Many people are very brave when telling people about their opinions online , but in real life , some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to bad interpersonal skills as well as problems regarding trust .
" Today , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media , since we will never know whether they are even " " real . " " "
Some people fake their identities on media sites so that they can know more people , and some may even cheat others .
In addition , privacy issues have become more common in recent times , since some people do not realize that they may actually be sharing some information that they are not willing to share in the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our lives , we should consider their drawbacks and thus use them wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and have them disadvantage us in the smallest way possible .
It is common to see almost everyone in a public transport looking at their phones or wearing a pair of ear pieces today .
Many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human evolution .
Social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook are popularly used by people in order to connect to others , even those from different countries .
It also carries many negative effects , such as the loss of face - to - face communication skills , which are important in the workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach others easily , even without contact for a long time .
In this fast - paced and competitive world , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny videos , and they can be updated about the new information of their friends .
Personally , I am studying overseas . My busy life keeps me away from contact with my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know about their current statuses .
And , I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
Many Malaysian people cross the sea to work in Singapore .
Many of them are busy with work and separate from their children .
One of the managers in my workplace has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore , my manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
People with the same preferences get connected or closer .
It is easier for people to approach others after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in their studies even if they are in different countries .
People are able to share culture or pretty photos online ; therefore , others can spread the joy with them .
Thus , I believe that social media sites are a useful tool to help people know each other better .
However , social media sites are a double - edged sword , as they also have some negative effects on our daily lives .
One of the disadvantage that many people are concerned about is that people will lose interest in face - to - face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationships even without the existence of social media sites , we can not deny that they affect some people 's interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be very useful and convenient tools to bring people closer in this globalized world .
The use of social media has greatly influenced how we communicate with one another .
Online friends became real life friends and real - life friends communicate with one another online .
" Social media has profoundly changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships . "
There are advantages and disadvantages to this change .
Social media has reshaped communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas and stories and forge friendships based on mutual respect .
" However , communication on social media is largely based on " " broadcasting and listening . " " "
When we use Facebook , we post pictures and statuses .
We are actively presenting faades of our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and statuses that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers are not the listeners .
They are just scrolling through pages and pages of pictures and statuses and looking for one of them that they might think is funny .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about but the content .
This type of communication does not help forge interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires well - rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face - to - face interaction where we show our emotions to the other person .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his or her Facebook page where he or she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some =) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore because I can easily learn the news from the statuses of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures .
I get news on sales , clothes , and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he or she posts about them often , I can simply block him or her off .
Information was circulated .
The most popular information gets circulated the most , so I seldom miss it .
Social networks play a role in providing and filtering information .
This saves me a lot of time because I do n't have to read newspapers and watch TV .
Personally , I feel more at ease on social media sites .
Based on the above two points of view , I think social media could forge more interest - based friendships .
With the help of social media , I become real - life friends with those from online forums with whom I share the same interests .
I also discover some of my friends ' interests are in common with mine , so then talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel or say to each other but is on whatever is interesting or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human - based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends to a more information - based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in it . However , whether it is good or bad , we are still not sure .
It is just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People that live in the modern world really can not live without social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account .
It is true that social media allows people to connect with one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some , sharing parts of their lives in videos and photos on social media sites becomes necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered in which a group of friends met and sat around a table but none of them were really chatting with one another .
" Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " " cheerful " " meeting on their social media accounts . "
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enable people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with people who lived far away from them .
It can take a few days or weeks for them to receive the messages .
Nowadays , what a person needs to do is just type in front of the computer in their own room .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when an instant chat is needed .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face - to - face interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provide people with a way of talking and chatting that can never be considered a way of communicating .
When people chat on those media sites , there is no eye contact and no emotion delivered , and the expressions are typed , using combinations of punctuation .
" For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four letters , such as " " lol " " ( which means " " laugh out loud " " ) and " " ASAP " " ( which means " " as soon as possible " " ) . "
Indeed , people go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
Then , once they are communicating face to face with people , expressing themselves appropriately becomes a really big problem .
Social media also provide people with a lot of information about the people and things that interest them .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , such as famous movie and series stars , businesspeople , and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extremely close to their idols ' lives and works .
Updated news that people care about can be easily obtained by refreshing social media sites on smartphones and laptops at almost any time .
However , after one has registered on those social media sites , which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
" The reason might be that he or she just wants to " " decorate " " his or her face . "
But it is possible that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily lives .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their private information to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
How do social media help change our lives ?
As technology develops , social media play an increasingly significant role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings , ideas , and other stuff that helps their friends know their lives better .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or is a human disaster .
Although it helps connect us with our friends wherever we are , it simultaneously reduces the chance of talking to our friends face to face , which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Many people say they support social media because these media really help them have a closer view of how their friends are doing in other parts of the world .
This applies especially to people who are overseas .
For them , social media is the only resource they can use to know everything that has happened in their home countries and the only way to show their lives to their lovers .
What 's more , these days social media play an important role in spreading information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their Facebook account and wait for the response from other people in other parts of the world , which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant , especially for those young teenagers , since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in the world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there are also many people who oppose this technology .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on teenagers , who are still developing .
They pointed out that social media actually reduce the chances of us talking to people face to face .
The more we care about Facebook , the less time we have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see at parties  people look at their phones and read all the posts on Facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry ; if all teenagers continue using social media frequently , it will decrease their ability to talk to people .
They will feel it has become difficult for them to find any topics about which to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media bring us more disadvantages than advantages .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it wastes a lot of our time .
Think of it this way : if we regain the time we spend wandering on those sites , we may finish reading a book or doing another meaningful thing .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to connect with our family or friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely , no matter whether it is really good .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we use social media wisely rather than abuse it , we will all live better lives .
The advantage and disadvantage of social media .
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily lives .
You can see people using Facebook and Twitter on their smartphones and iPads , on buses and trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance of people communicating face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
First , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago , when these modern products were not popular , the ways for people to communicate with or contact people far away were still restricted to making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Some take a long time , and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get replies very quickly .
The communication is also not limited to words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emoticons .
People can also get to know their friends ' states and moods by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can become aware of what is going on in social situations , see comments , and share their opinions on these websites .
Social media makes people 's lives much more colorful and provides a lot of fun .
However , social media may cause some harm to people 's lives .
It makes people spend more time chatting on the internet rather than communicating face - to - face , such that their interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time on it and forget their real lives .
Actually , I have seen some people who are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they are quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal and social skills when they are growing up .
If they spend too much time on social media , it may cause some problems with their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face - to - face .
Some may share less and less time with their families and not know how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong information on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
In conclusion , the arrival of social media sites is a double - edged sword .
It can make our lives simpler .
People can promote their friendships and relationships through social media .
However , it can also make people forget to communicate with their families and friends in real life and negatively affect their interpersonal skills .
Overall , the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages .
So , we need to make the best of social media and make it a fun way to add some excitement when life is boring .
And try to bypass the shortcomings .
Remember to send greetings to friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media sites has truly connected people closely .
People can see their friends ' recent looks and interesting things that have happened to them just by checking Facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that social media sites truly make sure old friends do not lose contact and the chance to communicate , even if they are in different countries .
However , social media sites truly reduce face - to - face communication , which affects interpersonal skills .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using social media in people 's daily lives .
First , social media sites can closely connect people to their friends and parents .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions that they are too shy to express .
" For example , on Mother 's Day , people are too shy to say " " I love you " " to their mothers , so they can type it on their mothers ' Facebook pages . "
Then , their mothers will also know the emotion and feel warm .
When a teenager is studying in a foreign country , the internet is the only way to communicate with their parents and friends .
Therefore , social media is truly good for people .
Second , social media sites can not only connect people closely with their friends .
People can also find a lot of information about celebrities on Twitter and Facebook , such as Obama or Bill Gates , and get the first - hand study materials on them .
They can learn how these people succeed , and they can also have the chance to talk to them and know their thoughts by using social media .
" With the help of social media , some homeless people or or those who need money to cure a disease can get help from the world quickly . Once one person has the information , they will share it in their " " friends area , " " and then many people will know and spread the information to people who can give help . "
However , there are also problems with the population of social media .
First , when people rely on social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will become accustomed to communicating by typing and not talking .
People even prefer talk to and meet with their friends online , and gradually reject face - to - face communication .
Therefore , social media truly limit interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connecting with their friends .
Second , without communication in real life , people lose the ability to see what is true and false .
There are many people on the social media with beautiful images and good content on their pages . However , in real life , they may not have a job or live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheated , and even lose the money in their savings .
Therefore , social media is not safe , which is bad for teenagers ' future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helped people a lot in many areas .
However , there exist some disadvantages that will affect people to some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily Lives and Society
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media has become more popular and important in our daily lives .
We communicate with others using social media , such as Twitter , Facebook and microblogs , more and more frequently .
There is no need for people to go out of their homes to interact with others . They chat online , share pictures , and tell others what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build good relationships with others through social media , but problems come out .
People do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially strangers .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others through social media .
In the old days , if someone wanted to tell important news to another person who lived far away , he needed to write letters , which wastes time .
The long distance and time consumption made spreading messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact faraway friends and relatives unless there is something important .
However , people can now contact anyone around the world who can use a computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others through social media .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
The information collected may not be intact or true .
Unlike today , with the help of social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching online to know about what that person did any day at any time .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily lives , these include wasted time , illnesses related to sitting for a long time before the computer , fast spreading of rumors and fake news , and , most importantly ,   people 's loss of the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around a table but all face their phones and do not talk with each other .
" If there is a joke on their Facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " " Hi , look , how ridiculous this is , " " and then they laugh together . "
No matter if it is a party , dinner or just a simple get - together , there always are some people who bow their heads and play with their phones even when their family and friends are in front of them .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of the disadvantages and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happening to them and their friends and family .
Today 's world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter , which are attractively connecting people around the world .
However , some people worry that social networks can affect interpersonal skills as they reduce face - to - face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using social media in society are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages and the benefits it provides in connecting people regardless of nationality , race , culture and language .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable means of communication .
First , social media brings convenience to the world .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningful experience of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Second , social media networks open the door of opportunities to people due to their great benefits in connecting .
Many fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In business , social media is a good tool for developing and advertising products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages that have recently created worries in society and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in the social media world for most of their time and reduce face - to - face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in their social lives .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy or real .
Everyone can easily make up personalities and characteristics they want .
They can become anyone .
Though social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communicated in face - to - face interactions .
There is a story of a girl who has lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
In the chat room , she created close relationships with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
Eventually , she discovered that the eight people was one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
People can use this information to deceive family , friends and banks to do bad things , such as blackmail and ATM theft .
Last but not least , social media affects human interpersonal skills when people increase their time on social sites and reject chances to expose themselves to social daily life activities and interact with people .
Recent research has shown that the more time people spend on social media sites , the less ambitious they are .
As a result , if the situation keeps going on in this unexpected trend , it will have a bad effect on the young generation .
To put it in a nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
So do social media networks .
It is not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing business but can also damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way and combine social media sites and daily life interactions to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
