Dear Sir ,
I have seen your advertisement for a job on the internet , and I am writing to apply for a summer job as an instructor and keeper of children in your camp .
I am working as a teacher in a Spanish school with children aged between 8 and 14 .
I am an easy - going person with a lot of empathy for children .
On the other hand , in my leisure time , I usually engage in sports , such as jogging and swimming , and adventures activities , such as trekking , climbing , and speleology , for the last 20 years .
I have travelled around most European countries , and I am able to understand , talk , and speak three languages : Spanish , English , and French .
It is the reason why I believe that I would be a suitable candidate for this job .
I would like to let you know that I will be able to work during the months of July and August .
I hope it has not been an inconvenience to you .
To that end , could you please tell me what salary you are offering for this job ?
I look forward to hearing from you .
Best regards ,
Mirta Rojo
Hi , I am so happy to write here . My favorite sport is riding a bike ( bicycle ) .
It is a good sport , especially when we try it in the morning . It gives the body energy and is a regular workout for the heart .
I engage in this kind of sport for ten minutes every day because I have liked it since I was a child .
My advice to anyone starting to learn this sport is to be careful about accidents because it needs more concentration from the person riding . That is all .
Thank you .
I 've been studying English for several years , but I 'm not really sure what exactly my current goal is .
I 've been changing places , and I do n't know which one is the best for me .
What I 'm sure about is the fact that I 'm going to need an official certificate in order to prove that I 've studied the language .
I study English because I love it , and I 'd like to speak very fluently and watch a movie without subtitles .
I understand perfectly when a native speaker is talking , but when I have to talk in English , it 's not so easy .
I 'm very motivated , and I 'm going to continue with my studies , but I need to be clear of where I 'm going .
I 'd like to teach the language to little children .
Next year , I 'm going to focus on speaking , and perhaps I will do a formal test .
Otherwise , I 'd like to improve my grammar and writing , so I 'll keep on trying hard .
Thank you for helping me .
The British parliamentary electoral system is unfair and undemocratic .
It is , however , in my opinion , the best way as the basis of government .
Consider a general election , in which three parties , X , Y , and Z , compete in a country of 5000 voters .
Supposing 2000 people vote for party X and 1500 vote for parties Y and Z , Party X would come into power because they had the most votes .
However , there were 3000 people who did not want them to be in power , which is not the majority of the country .
Also , the idea of each constituency is to have an MP who fights for that constituency 's beliefs in the parliament .
This has major flaws .
Consider , for example , the MP who recently decided she wanted to change parties .
Yes , I know it is the MP 's belief that the constituents are meant to vote on the ideas of that MP , but this simply is n't the case in many circumstances . The voter votes on how the party that the MP represents is doing at the moment .
Once a party forms the government , it is free to do as it likes and can change its policies until the next general election , at which point it will make hollow promises about what it will do when it next gets in power , just to gain votes .
It is , as I said before , the best system .
Consider dictatorships , which fall at the first hurdle .
With this system , any madman can control a country , causing economic disasters for not only that country but also other related countries .
There is no fair and perfect way to run a country .
One pleases some people some of the time but not all people all of the time .
The only way a fair system of government can come about is in a group of about ten people at the most , and even then people are discontent .
Hi Karina ,
Thanks for your letter .
Of course , I can tell you about Dulan .
He 's 23 , and he 's studying electronic engineering at Kelaniya university and is a second year student .
He has an elder sister , who has just finished her IT degree and is now looking for a job .
His mother teaches biology for advanced - level students in Ananda College , Colombo 10 , and his father works at Peoples ' Bank as an assistant manager .
He 's a cool , charming , and a very sociable person .
He 's also sensitive .
When someone faces trouble , he does n't look at others , and he goes forward to help them as much as he can .
Not only that , he 's a responsible and reliable guy .
Sometimes , he borrows my personal stuff , such as pen drives , and gives it back to me on time .
He 's incredibly hardworking . That 's the secret behind his exam results .
He likes going out with friends , watching movies , and listening to music using his hi - fi headset , so do n't worry about noise . He 's a good rugby player and plays for his university team . He is crazy about computer games .
He had already finished many famous computer games when we left school , but he knows the limit and knows how to manage studies without any disturbance .
He 's keen on sports cars .
He has a large collection of pictures and videos about sports cars .
Also , he has good knowledge of automobiles .
I know he does repairs by himself most of the time .
So it may be helpful for you during his holidays .
The only negative things I can think of are that he 's a bit untidy and not well organised .
His room is usually a mess , and sometimes he looks for his belongings for hours .
His English writing is very good , but he is n't a fluent speaker . I 'm sure he 'll learn it fast .
Finally , I think he 's really nice and that you and your family will get on well with him .
I hope the above information is useful .
Let me know if you need more information about him .
Love ,
Lioyni
A very important characteristic of the UK constitution , and one that is central to the question of sovereignty , is that it is the Westminster Parliament that is the supreme legal authority in the UK .
According to the orthodox school , which subscribes to the views of Albert Venn Dicey , the Westminster Parliament is omnicompetent and can pass laws on any subject it likes to regulate the activities of any person anywhere , even those of aliens outside British territory .
In theory , then , the Westminster Parliament could pass a law banning smoking on the streets of Paris .
If our parliament did so , British courts would be obliged to accept Parliament 's decision and pass judgement accordingly .
Of course , in practice , as the Radical school ( which believes that the Westminster Parliament is not legislatively supreme ) points out , in this hypothetical situation , the Parisians would take no notice whatsoever of the UK Parliament 's legislation , and Parliament would in effect be fettered .
Dicey said that as each parliament is omnipotent , and therefore has the power to make or unmake any law , no parliament could bind its successors as to the content or manner and form of subsequent legislation .
The Radicals like to point out that , since the passing of the European Communities Act in 1972 , the Westminster Parliament has ceded its sovereignty and supremacy to Europe .
The orthodox school retaliates by pointing out that , since the Westminster Parliament passed the 1972 Act , thereby putting the UK into the European Communities , a future parliament could just as easily repeal this act and take us out of Europe again .
In this case , Britain would have retained its sovereignty and parliamentary supremacy .
Of course , this whole question is still a subject of fierce debate .
British courts have avoided a head - on clash by finding ambiguity in a domestic statute and resolving that ambiguity so as to give effect to our community obligations , by finding that a statute passed prior to the 1972 European Communities Act was repealed by implication by that act and does not represent the latest intention of the Westminster Parliament or by arguing that subsequent legislation was inadvertant and that the Westminster Parliament could not have intended to come into conflict with community law .
In a recent development , the European Court of Justice ruled in the case of R v Secretary of State for Transport ex parte Factortame and Others ( 1990 ) that courts in Britain must suspend an act of the Westminster Parliament in which the rights of the citizens guaranteed by European Community law may be at risk .
This case for the first time said that it is a principle of UK law as influenced by the European Court that our parliament is not supreme in every circumstance .
It would seem , therefore , that the advent of a unified Europe indeed means a loss of sovereignty for Britain , whatever the orthodox school may think to the contrary .
Young people are interested in many things , such as games , music , television programmes and the clothes they wear .
Young people such as children like to play games , listen to music , watch TV and wear special clothes .
Now , in 2015 , the game that young people are interested in is Speed Stack .
Regarding music , they are interested in Taylor Swift songs because the songs are so wonderful , even though I hear them every day .
Regarding television programmes , actually , young people do n't like them , but they like channels that have horror films , romantic films and films with happy endings .
This year , there are fantastic clothes everywhere , especially in the UAE .
Dear Sirs ,
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement about the summer camps in the USA .
I am a twenty - year - old student from Poland , and I am looking for an interesting job for the summer holidays .
I would like to apply for the job you are offering , and I will try to prove that I am an appropriate candidate .
In Poland , I have been a scout for ten years .
There , I had various tasks . One of them was looking after younger children .
I helped to organise scout camps all over my country .
We organised many sports and cultural activities .
Apart from being a scout , I have also been a lifeguard at kitesurfing camps in Poland .
I am not afraid of the work in the kitchen .
I am also able to perform the harder tasks , such as washing the dishes or tidying up .
I believe you will consider my application ,
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
I beg to differ ; crime does pay .
Many criminals live far better than the average American because they have chosen a life of crime .
Being a criminal has its advantages ; you do n't have to worry about being fired , you can make more money in less time , you set up your own hours because you 're your own boss , and you can retire well before the age of 65 .
Let 's take time to compare the criminal life to the life of a hard - working person .
In our changing economy , any individual who holds down a job must be concerned with whether or not he or she will continue to have that job .
Many people are being laid off or let go because the companies are no longer making enough profit to pay the employees .
A criminal will always be employed .
There is never a lack of work as a means for continuing employment .
Then , if we think about the work day of most working people ...
The average worker works eight hours per day .
They make about $ 7.50 per hour for their labor .
This is $ 300.00 per week before taxes and other deductions .
Tax deductions will amount to about $ 69.00 per week , and deductions for medical / dental insurance will cost them another $ 5.00 per week , bringing their actual take - home pay to $ 266.00 per week .
The average criminal can work one hour a day and make $ 300.00 without having to be concerned with deductions for medical insurance and taxes .
Further , the criminal does not have to be at work at a specific time for a specific number of hours each day .
The criminal is his or her own boss .
And finally , there is one thing the criminal does have in common with the average worker : retirement .
However , the criminal can retire a lot faster than the worker if they ( the criminal ) have managed to save portions of the dollars they have stolen over the years .
If a criminal starts at age 15 and works only 5 hours per week until age 30 , he or she could be set up for life .
At $ 300.00 per hour over 15 years , the criminal earns $ 1,170,000.00 .
If he or she invests half this money and earns interest , they could potentially live on the interest income alone .
Comparing both options here , I 'd definitely say that crime does pay .
I was born in Thailand and have living in Samutprakan , which is a small city near Bangkok .
There are many types of transportation in Thailand .
I often take a motorcycle , minibus , and finally , BTS .
The bus is transportation that I rarely take .
From my experience .
The motorcycle is very convenient transportation .
It is the fastest transportation while you are in a rush .
Even though it is needed in a hurry .
On the other hand , it is not very safe .
The motorcycle is the most dangerous transportation in Thailand compared to others .
Even if we have a traffic rule , some riders still keep breaking the rule .
Continuing with the minibus , there are some rules for this type of transportation .
The drivers have to follow the traffic rules .
I found that it is good transportation , which costs little and travels a long distance .
Therefore , people in low to medium classes prefer to use this mode of transport .
People who live around the city usually make appointments downtown .
Because of the heavy traffic jams in Bangkok , they try to avoid other services .
Then , BTS is the best option .
It is very satisfactory by time and convenience .
People can manage their time more easily because BTS is fixed in time .
Therefore , this transportation is the most predictable .
Thailand is a country that does not have strict rules .
Therefore , I hear news about accidents in the country .
Customers and drivers are not disciplined .
My suggestion for the problems above is to start showing people how much priority regulations have .
Drivers , customers and even police officers should cooperate .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am studying English . Esosel enters three in college , and I can speak English very well .
I would like to deal with people and I can speak many languages , so I am good at communicating with people .
I would like to work long hours on weekends because on weekdays I go to college and I am happy to work long hours on weekends .
.
Humanity witnessed one of recorded history 's most incredible minds at work when Albert Einstein came onto the stage .
Although his and his wife 's theory was basically scientific in nature , it can and has been applied to all areas of human existence .
The theory I 'm speaking of is relativity .
With this theory also came the area of quantum mechanics .
It is difficult to condense this topic , which has volumes and volumes of literature .
Personally , I find that relativity has n't had its full impact .
This is probably for several reasons : First , the notion that every point is a point of departure and that all other points are in reference to that point of departure is rather abstract .
It seems impossible , and it leaves humans grasping for closure .
What Einstein did to humanity 's philosophy was change the notion that closure could be obtained .
The Socratic idea that all was known .
" It was only a matter of time before a " " moment " " would reveal that knowledge from " " within " " was , in effect , shattered . "
The philosopher 's stone was pulverized into utopic and nostalgic dust .
Since it is my socialization that leads me to have a notion of Earth time [ 24 hours = 1 day ] , I think Einstein reconstructed part of it .
Although I do n't claim to understand relativity , I 've attempted to indwell the topic [ like Sidphantha and his rock ] .
The point is that my notion of time has changed ; I think once humanity realizes that time - notions are human constructs and are subject to change , the impact of Einstein 's idea will be felt .
" For now , we are left with a world that has used Einstein 's " " invention " " for intentions not worthy of the genius : atomic bombs . "
The significance of atomic bombs can not be underestimated when speaking about humanity in the 20th century .
It set up a whole network of global systems .
" USA and USSR , with Japan and Germany as the " " winners . " " "
Cold wars and north - south relations .
Many things have been generated , namely fear !
Relatively speaking , fear has been the main point of departure for global community construction .
This is a point that I think needs to be changed , from fear to peace .
A shift in focus , if you will .
Some would say this is too utopic .
But if humanity sought to understand relativity ( as did Stephen Hawking ) , our notions would be radically changed .
For now , we must deal with the shortcomings of humanity 's use of Einstein 's ideas : atomic weapons .
Yesterday , I went to a basketball club . During my first training session , I scored four points .
It was the first time I played basketball .
I think I was very good .
My dream is to be a basketball player . Basketball is really fun and nice .
I loved playing it .
I want to play it again
It is undeniable that animals are vital to medical research .
Researchers can use animals ( such as mice and monkeys ) to examine new drugs .
Furthermore , animals can be used to determine correct dosage .
These usages identify whether the vaccine is functional .
In addition , it defines the dosage beyond which the drug becomes lethal .
In addition , one of the main purposes of using an animal in a lab is to make the antidote for its bite ; for instance , snakes ' venom has to be extracted from their body .
A bite could kill a person if a suitable antidote is not available .
Writing about my favorite sport is like talking about one of the best things in my life , since I 'm a sports fan and have been all my life .
I still recall dreading the moment I had to go to gym class in high school , but later in life I discovered that sports would do more than save my life .
Furthermore , it became one of my favourite times .
No matter what my mood was , putting on my trainers and finding new places to discover — parks , the beach , running tracks — made me happy .
I liked getting lost in the middle of the woods anytime and anyplace .
One thing led to another and I starting rollerblading , cycling , skiing or just going to the gym on rainy days , which totally changed my mood .
Little did I know at that time that I would meet the man of my dreams thanks to sports .
To conclude , I would like to leave a message to all those young people out there who do n't seem to fit anywhere .
Taking part in a free - time activity will help you become a better person .
You will learn to share , to compete , and to lead a healthier life .
Believe that the potential lies deep within you and that the sky is the limit .
" As it is said in the book " " Say it again , See it again , " " artistic research is quite complicated and a lot of time is spent discussing the topic . "
Among scholars , there is some question of how artistic research is related to research in an academic framework .
When we look in dictionaries for a definition of research in an academic setting , we read this :
" " " The systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions . " " "
" According to UNESCO , research is " " any creative systematic activity undertaken in order to increase the stock of knowledge , including knowledge of man , culture and society , and the use of this knowledge to devise new applications . " " "
Another source defines research as searching for and gathering information , usually to answer a particular question or problem .
We look for artistic research .
It is said that artistic research is the process of making artwork .
These two terms — academic research and artistic research — are primarily different in terms of the results of the research .
In academic fields , research produces knowledge that can be generalized .
The conclusions of academic research become the law , which remains true over time .
In artistic research , we work with singular knowledge that is unique .
It can not really stay as a law or a long - term statement because the experimental , unpredictable , multidisciplinary , and creative aspects of artistic research are difficult to define .
Artistic research does not only produce knowledge .
It changes people 's mindsets .
Artistic research is research because artists look for knowledge in order to create an artwork .
So art research exists in artwork itself .
I have read in a book about artistic research that artists are doing their research without calling it research .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I would like to apply for a weekend job at the Green Pepper Cafe .
I am a 21-year - old student .
Food is the most important part of my life . It makes me happy .
I really like to cook different kinds of dishes from all over the world for my friends .
I am used to working long hours because last summer I had a full - time job in a bar at the beach .
I am an open - minded and happy person who loves to meet new people and learn new things .
I think that I am a calm and friendly person . For me , a satisfied client is a happy client .
I also know Spanish , which could be helpful for talking with tourists from Spain .
I hope you would like to meet with me and learn more about my experience of working in bars and cafes .
I look forward to hearing from you .
With kind regards , Clarita
" " " Cuéntame " " might not be the first film you think of about the last century in Spain , but it is a good example of our country 's history at that time . "
Although it was shot last year by a young director , he knew how difficult life was , so it is likely he studied the society , customs , and clothes or hair trends of the time because older people say it is a true reflection of Spaniard life .
Pensioners say that the movie reminds them of when they were young , so it is a realistic film .
On the other hand , it is more than likely that they would be a bit sad , homesick , and maybe cry a little .
The movie reflects the life of an average family with a toddler , two teenage children , and a grandmother who is wearing black clothes because she lost her husband in the Spanish Civil War .
When the parents went to work , she would do the housework and take care of her grandchildren .
In addition , it is about the difficulties of the beginning of the democratic age , the birth of some political parties , and , of course , how women began to smoke , wear skinny trousers , and get driving licenses .
It was a strange change in this country .
To sum up , I strongly recommend this movie to students and young people and also for older people . It is also a great movie for foreign people who want to understand our history .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I would like to work in your cafe on the weekends .
I have worked in cafes many times before and enjoy meeting people . I have gone to the Green Pepper Cafe many times to drink coffee .
The coffee was very good , and the people working there are happy .
I want to work at your place as I am interested in many kinds of foods and I really enjoy meeting with people .
I also work long hours in a cafe , which I like .
Please tell me soon whether I have an interview .
" Children 's schooling "
I think children must be educated at school , not at home .
Because at school they can learn how to deal with other people , with situations , and with other thoughts and cultures , and they can learn from that stuff .
Knowledge is not just what we learn sitting in a chair but how to deal with society .
It does n't make any sense . The person might be very smart , intelligent , and intellectual — and know everything about many subjects — but unable to express themselves and express their ideas .
If he can not act naturally , face difficulties , or stay calm when dealing with others ' thoughts that differ from his ideas , he can not demonstrate how flexible he can be when facing difficult situations .
Knowledge is a combination of the intellectual and emotional parts of our brain .
There must be a balance between these two parts .
Therefore , teaching a child alone at home is not good for their development .
The advantage of teaching the child at home is seeing and following exactly what they learn , the time of study , and what they are assimilating .
But , like I said before , it 's very important to help them deal with other people and situations , to combine the rational and emotional parts of their brains .
It 's a hard decision for parents — especially for those who want to control all aspects of their children 's lives — but it 's necessary to understand how important a decision like this is to the futures of these kids .
It 's more important to keep control of everything than to leave the child to learn from their experiences and develop other skills .
I like — and used to love — football .
I do n't know why . I just love it . My favourite club is Real Madrid , and my favourite players are Kaka and CR7 .
I do n't care . I watch every time my favourite club plays a match .
Through football I can see him .
He 's my favourite player . I like him even more than I like Kaka .
If I can watch his competition , I 'll watch it .
He 's my spirit also .
I have loved football since my first year in junior high school . I used to watch football matches with my father .
At midnight we were watching together . . .
My favourite team is Garuda , which plays in my country . It 's the best team in the world .
I hope that the national football team of Indonesia will become a big team — the best team .
This idea is completely fantastical .
Money , perhaps , is a necessary evil in order to conduct the daily affairs of life .
Money , in some form or other , is required to carry out business trading , commerce , and exchange of property .
Money enables a human being to store what they own , to pay their expenses , to share with others , or to give to those in need .
However , it is true that the love of money is the root of all evil .
This is a different concept altogether .
The desire for what we do not have can at times cause us to conduct ourselves in uncharacteristic ways .
Although there is a healthy desire to meet the needs that we have , at times this desire can be pushed to an extreme .
How many times have we seen on the evening news a family being broken apart , a company going under , or even a nation crumbling simply because there was a desperate desire , on the part of one or many , for something that exceeded what was actually needed or required ?
Individuals can be destroyed by constantly searching for that which evades them .
" They think that having the " " right " " car or living in the " " right " " neighborhood or knowing the " " right " " people can bring them happiness or contentment . "
This love of money urges them on , causes them to neglect their families , and at times , causes them to commit crimes for which they are imprisoned .
Our society pays dearly , both financially and socially , for their love affair with money .
It is a cross - cultural thing .
We can speak of the American dollar , the Japanese yen , or the Spanish peseta .
The love of whatever represents the financial exchange between parties wreaks havoc in a nation , in a family , and even in an individual life .
Not the money itself but , rather , the love of it persuades men 's hearts , captivates their minds , and influences their priorities and their behavior .
The hoarding of wealth for personal benefit or security , when pushed to an extreme , is the root of all evil .
It produces selfishness in even the smallest child .
It 's not long before a 4- or 5-year - old realizes the power that money brings .
He begins to hide it , save it , ask for it , and spend it .
A healthy thing can be turned into a tool for disaster . Is money the root of all evil ?
No .
It can be used to sow goodness .
It can bring relief to those in need and bring joy into the lives of individuals who already have their needs met .
However , the love of money — the overwhelming desire for it that causes people to overlook what is most important and , at times , to commit terrible acts toward each other — is truly the root of all evil .
History is the identity of people . It can tell future generations about previous ones .
All nations and people have their own histories , which can be distinguished only by the marks left .
Historical places as well as archives are the most common things that show ancient life .
Every nation has an identity .
In my country , there are many historical places that refer to different civilizations .
But the place that attracts most people is the capital . We can call it the carrefour of civilization .
Different civilizations were set up there : the Byzantines , the French , the Ottomans , and others .
Our most attractive historical place is the casbah .
Casbah is a historical city , and its construction is an important story .
I believe I am a good person for the summer camp staff .
Besides , I grew up with two children . Most children are very fond of me .
I always enjoy sports , especially basketball , tennis , and dance .
Also , I 'm good at cooking and reading books .
I hope you will select me for the job .
Dear Isabel ,
My new town is so wonderful .
I really enjoy living here !
My town is near a lake and in between two bigger towns .
The main attractions are a historic museum and a very big indoor bath .
My favourite place in town is a bank at the lake .
I love to sit there and watch the sunrise .
Best wishes from my lovely new home .
I live in a tiny village named Fals , where there are n't lots of people . There are only , more or less , one hundred people .
In my little village , most people are farmers , and they do n't use too many cars or motorbikes . They just use trucks and other things .
I think that in my village , we take care of the environment because we do n't waste a lot of pollution , so I can say that I live in a healthy village about pollution .
But , in my country , we usually do n't take care of the environment because people in Spain do n't think about others . They just think about themselves .
Most Spanish people do n't think about the environment because they say it 's not the present , it 's the future .
Childhood , nowadays , is really involved with technology .
Most parts of fun for children are video games , television , computers and tablets , which they use to play electronic games and watch movies or cartoons .
In this way , it is clear that television entertains and is part of our lives , but it can also educate if it has appropriate subjects .
For example , some cartoons with characters can teach children to count in other languages , resolve mathematics accounts such as simple addition , and , most importantly , deal with their parents and their friends and learn what is wrong or right . In other words , television can influence their behavior .
On the other hand , on television there are commonly a lot of advertisements , which can affect some choices and the will of the child as some kind of toy . Soon , he starts to ask this just because of the media .
Therefore , it is very important that parents have knowledge about what their children are watching and learning on TV .
Thus , television could be good for education , but the time in front of the screen has to be controlled . After all , childhood is also constructed playing or the open air !
It is apparently due to the huge improvement of the automobile industry , which makes a better transport environment with dramatic transport .
You can easily travel from place A to place B when stepping into a private car , which will create an electronic delivery lane and compress the data of the car with the driver .
Drivers just simply ignite the car engine , choose the destination with the accurate address , map the three dimensions of street view , and then drive .
In only five minutes , literally , you arrive .
With the new way of driving , people do not have to walk along a 500-meter road to public transportation such as train stations or bus stations . They can buy modern cars , which provide a better transport experience .
Dear Ms. Kennedy ,
Thank you for the opportunity .
It will be my great pleasure to attend the interview at 2:30pm .
If at all possible , I would like to have a parking space near the office .
Would you mind providing me documentation details regarding the interview and how long it will last , please ?
Yours faithfully ,
Shundori Aranda
Hello Lara ,
I am happy to meet you .
My name is Rasheed .
I am 20 years old , and I am from Yemen , but I live in Saudi Arabia . I love to do exercise to stay healthy .
I read a lot of different subjects .
In my free time , I learn how to write code .
Next year , in February 2017 , I will be attending university .
I want to study computer science .
This is everything about me . I hope to meet you soon .
Rasheed .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm really interested in your property . It is very similar to what I 'm looking for .
I 'm Matias from Spain . I 'm currently on holiday in Dublin , but I would like to live in Dundalk because I want to improve my English there because Dublin 's too expensive .
I do n't smoke but I accept it if someone does .
About the term rental , is the room available for 6 months ?
I would like to stay from September to May , more or less . However , I do n't mind .
The last question : are there some academies to learn English near the house ?
Thanks very much .
Please do n't hesitate to contact me if you need more information .
Kind regards ,
Matias Fabio Freire
No doubt that all of us dream of living in a healthy environment , which needs a lot of requirements from both the people and the government .
But in fact , this does not happen 100 % , as most people are not committed to this and most of them always put the rubbish in the streets and not inside the place they have to put it .
In the village , the farmers always throw the tailing and the dead bodies of animals in the canals , which dirties the water that they use to water the farmland . This leads to the pollution of the food .
As a matter of fact , there is an enormous number of ways of transmitting information , which has always been extremely important for people , especially nowadays .
We can receive it from old - fashioned , or traditional , sources of information such as books , or from contemporary types of media , for instance , from TVs and radio .
Because all kinds of sources have advantages and disadvantages , I will consider some arguments to find the most effective .
Actually , broadcasting activities are great opportunities to get the latest news about a situation in the world or the latest knowledge about the different fields of science , whereas , books can present obsolete or inadequate information .
Indeed , scientists have proved that about half of the information in books becomes outdated in 5 - 10 years .
In contrast , we can find that some data on the television and the radio are deliberately distorted .
Nowadays , there is an opinion that the media is the fourth estate , which can influence our consciousness .
It is too hard to disagree with it when information becomes a means of warfare , not the method of enlightenment .
Then books come to the front as a means of history 's cognition : all human experience , accumulated during the time of human existence , is represented there .
In conclusion , I guess that we should not choose only one way of communicating information , as all types of media have pros and cons .
Choosing the appropriate option for receiving certain data is a skill we should learn .
Every year , there 's a winter festival in my city .
This year , there were more activities than last year .
It was a great time to spend with my friends .
There were a lot of activities , such as snowboard , competitions , and concerts .
" There was a lovely activity for the kids called " " Do you wanna build a snowman ? " " where they spent an incredible time building snowmen . "
I participated in a dance competition .
The judges said that it was an amazing dance , and it was a very emotional moment for me .
I ca n't wait for the festival next year .
Football is my favorite game because it is quite a challenging and interesting game . I began to play football when I was 6 years old .
Since then , it has become my passion .
" It is also called " " king of sport " " and is the most famous sport in the entire world . "
Hi ,
I 'm Ottavia . I 'm 23 years old .
I was born in Gubbio , a small city in the center of Italy , but now I 'm living in Turin because I 'm studying here .
I saw this advertisement and thought that it was the right job for me .
I 'm energetic , I 'm always smiling , and I like meeting new people .
I love travelling , because I think that it is the best way to know new cultures and open your mind .
I 'm a very creative person . I love organising activities , games and events .
When I was 15 , I looked after children in a summer camp organised by a church in my city in Italy .
So I 've experience with this kind of job .
Definitely , I have done a lot of jobs to pay for my studies .
I worked in a bar , a pub , a shop and as a PR in Italian discos .
I also did PR in Ibiza .
I know very well the sense of sacrifice and the meaning of hard work .
So , I 'm ready to work hard , have fun , meet a lot of people and have a beautiful and unforgettable experience !
I hope for a positive result .
Bye .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply for the job you advertised in Summer Holidays Magazine for a volunteer in the USA summer camps .
I am 23 years old and have just finished my studies in Teaching at the University of Seville .
After summer , I would like to work at a prestigious centre in Birmingham 's ' The Good Shepherd School ' ; so , learning from a summer camp in the United States of America would be a great opportunity for me .
As you can see from my attached Curriculum Vitae , I have been working as a nanny for two years , and I also have five little cousins that I have to look after on many occasions .
In addition , I worked in summer camps last summer where I was in charge of planning and leading games and craft activities .
Being a leader made me develop a strong sense of responsibility .
In addition , I am about to attend the exam for the CAE ( Certificate in Advanced English ) in some weeks .
I love learning English . In fact , I have some English exchanges people who I talk to twice a week .
I believe a good teacher is someone who can entertainment children , play with them and teach them how to improve their skills .
I think I have all these habits , and I am perfectly capable of doing this job .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully ,
Louisa Aláez
There are several reasons why people in the UK might cease to eat beef .
For example , everyone may suddenly become vegetarian or their tastes may alter in such a way that nobody in the UK wants to eat beef .
However , these occurances are at best unlikely .
The only plausible reason for people in the UK to cease eating beef is the disease CJD .
This disease is the human equivalent of ' mad cow disease ' or BSE .
In recent years , there has been a huge increase in the number of cases of BSE .
This seems to be mainly caused by farming methods 20 years ago .
In the 1960 's and 1970 's , cows were given feed , which included sheep ( and their brains ) among its ingredients .
Many animals that ate this feed developed BSE and even more passed it on to their young .
There is a belief among the people of the UK that eating beef is dangerous , as they believe that the BSE can be passed on to humans when they eat beef .
There is no scientific evidence at present to suggest that this is the case .
However , cases of CJD and BSE have been widely documented in the media , and this has greatly influenced people .
Pictures on the television of cows with BSE who are unable to walk properly and humans with CJD highlight how horrific and debilitating the condition is .
If the media coverage of CJD and BSE continues in the same manner , it is not inconceivable that people in the UK might be so scared that they cease to eat beef entirely .
If people in the UK were to cease to eat beef , the effect on the agricultural industry would be devastating .
The number of cow farmers would fall by a huge amount .
This is because with the beef market destroyed , the only market open to these farmers would be the dairy products market , which is not large enough to sustain many sellers .
The CJD and BSE scares could even spread to dairy products , and if this happened , cattle farmers would cease to exist entirely .
However , when people cease to eat beef , what do they eat instead ?
The answer is pork , lamb and other meats .
The increase in demand for the other meats would be approximately proportionate to the fall in demand for beef .
This would mean that producers of other meats would benefit from people ceasing to eat beef .
Although cattle farmers could no longer remain in the beef market , they could switch from cattle farming to pig or sheep farming and stay in the agricultural industry .
The overall effect on the size of the agricultural industry would be virtually nil .
This is because the fall in the size of the beef market would correspond to rises in the sizes of the other agricultural product markets .
This would mean that the structure of the agricultural industry would be altered greatly , with the proportion taken up by meats other than beef growing .
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am writing in reference to your advertisement , which I saw in a magazine two weeks ago .
I would be very interested in this vacancy .
I am the president of the Young Pioneers club at a primary school , so I usually organize for students to have picnics , go camping , play sports and hold outside activities .
To ensure safety for them , my school sometimes asks me to attend first - aid courses , which give me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
In particular , I am free from June until September .
I am a native speaker of Vietnamese and I was awarded a B grade on the First Certificate in English last year .
I consider myself to be energetic , humorous , enthusiastic and sociable .
I would do my best to be successful at this job and I hope you will consider my application favorably . I have enclosed my CV for your attention and I would also be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
Yours faithfully ,
...................
Dear David ,
I 'm Paloma , your new pen pal ! I come from an island called Cozumel . I like sports and hanging out with my friends .
What did you do during vacation ?
I went to Cancún , visited museums and went to Xpu - ha , a really beautiful beach . We stayed in an apartment nearby .
There , I saw a lots of tourists who were almost crying because they ate chili . My friends and I laughed a lot . Do not underestimate the power of chili .
Do you have brothers or sisters ? I have two little ones , one 11 years old and the other one 7 .
I have seven pets : one parrot , two dogs , two hamsters and two turtles . I think that 's a little more than normal .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your letter !
A hug ,
Paloma
I live in a flat in the center of Magenta , near the church .
In my house there are two bedrooms , a kitchen , a studio , a bathroom , and a living room where you can play video games and I can watch TV .
My bedroom is amazing . I have a 12-shelf library , where there are many books , and I have a big white desk where I study and do my homework .
On the walls , there are a lot of posters of cars , bikes , football , views , animals and buildings .
The studio is n't big , but it is very comfortable and there is a PC .
In the kitchen , there are the fridge , the freezer and the oven , and it is connected to a little terrace where there is a small garden .
In the living room there are two sofas , a table with chairs , and a beautiful television .
I think my house is fantastic . It is in a nice area and I will never buy a motor home to live in .
My house is in a condominium where there are another 3 buildings , and in this building complex there are 18 families .
International Bookshop , 52 Down Avenue
London , London
11th May 14
Dear Mrs Benson ,
I am writing to apply for a job in your international bookshop , which was advertised in the London newspaper last week .
I am 35 years old and from Spain , although I am studying literature in London .
At the moment , I am looking for a job to spend the summer working .
I like reading books in other languages , because I speak Spanish , English and French fluently .
I have experience in this area , because I had a temporary job in another bookshop last summer .
I would welcome the opportunity to spend the summer working at your international bookshop .
I enclose my CV .
If you require any further information , please contact me at ge78Jw0pLQ@hotmail.com .
Thank you for considering my application .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Felica Matesanz
Interestingly enough , this topic is very important to me .
I often dwell on the characteristics of humankind that lead us to continually invent new things .
We seem to be somewhat obsessed with technology and using it to dominate nature as well as our fellow humans .
Technology and inventions seem to stem from our natural fear of death and our human insecurities .
We attempt to dominate nature so that we may live without fearing death , and we attempt to dominate other people so that we may live without our petty insecurities .
For these reasons , I would argue that the only inventions of the twentieth century that have significantly changed people 's lives for the better are those that have occurred in the medical field .
Although these inventions do stem from a fear of death , they do not attempt to dominate nature nor other human beings as the majority of other inventions do .
They save lives .
By closely analyzing the nature of modern inventions , one notes a consistent trend leading away from a lifestyle that is peacefully coexistent with nature .
We are ourselves a part of nature , yet we attempt to live outside of it .
We continue to destroy plants , animals , and the Earth itself , and our new inventions help us to do it in more efficient ways .
Therefore , inventions in the 20th century have had , for the most part , a negative effect on our lives because by destroying nature , we 're destroying ourselves .
In addition , our inventions are used to dominate one another .
We invent better weapons and better economic systems geared to killing and depriving other people .
Medical inventions , on the other hand , are designed to help people of all colors and can not be used to dominate nature or other people .
" They are one of the only truly " " kind " " expressions of mankind 's creativity . "
In modern society , especially in developed countries , traffic and all the problems related to it affect the socioeconomic conditions of the whole population .
Many governments argue that these problems could be solved by increasing the cost of petrol .
To my mind , this should not be the right way to solve them , but other measures need to be carried out .
In many overcrowded cities , like New York and Tokyo , the first cause of air pollution is the chaotic and uncontrolled flow of vehicles that use fossil fuels to operate .
This trend will certainly rise in the future , due to the great number of people who are moving from the countryside to the city .
This phenomenon happens especially in developing countries , such as China .
However , an increase in fuel prices is not effective in reducing the traffic flow .
Indeed , over the last fifty years , this price has shown a dramatic boost , but air pollution continues to increase .
It can be seen in some virtuous towns , for instance Oslo in Norway , that encouraging people to use bicycles is an excellent way to reduce traffic and its consequences .
The said encouragement can be given through a decrease in taxes or through other money benefits for those who ride their bikes instead of driving a car .
Another way to reduce traffic is the enhancement of the public transport system , that is , larger trains , more bus lines , etc .
In fact , many people prefer to travel by car because the trains are often overcrowded or due to the fact that they have to wake up early in the morning to catch the bus .
In conclusion , although increasing petrol prices could be effective in the short term , this measure can not reduce the use of fossil fuels and , thus , the problem related to traffic .
However , better solutions can be found by making people aware of the benefits of the reduced use of the car .
Good Morning ,
Last week I travelled by air with your airline . The trip was good , but I lost my luggage .
" It is big and fluorescent pink with blue lines . "
I went to the staff to tell them about this situation . They told me to send an email to the company .
So , I 'm writing to receive my luggage .
I hope that you can find it , because it contains things very important to me .
Write to me soon !
Noemi
I 'm very pleased that you have taken this into account .
I 'm an Italian girl . I 'm twenty years old , and I live with my parents and my twins in the south of Italy .
When I was a baby I used to go to summer camps with my family . I grew up in a camp .
I think that I could be a suitable person for this job because now I look after my brothers , who are five years old , and I love cooking and playing with them . I grew up in the south and here in summer there are many summer camps , and usually I work in those , so I have experience .
I 'm hoping to have satisfied your requests . I 'm waiting for your answer .
The people living in my town are not very environmentally friendly .
They are not that way minded .
For example , when it is time to take the rubbish out , the town hall sets a time reserved for this task .
Instead , the citizens choose not to do it during this time and do it any other time they feel like .
I think this is not a very proper thing to do .
My teacher asked me about what I do in my free time .
I always enjoy playing video games , and I usually do it at night .
I do it at night because in the afternoon I study . I enjoy doing it .
I hang out regularly with my friends , and we enjoy it a lot .
I think I am a privileged teenager .
In the past , people used to use public transport , and now people also use public transport , but at a lower rate than in the past .
In my opinion , in the future very few people will use it , maybe no one .
To start with , all people prefer using cars than using public transport .
This is because when people use public transport , it tires them to stand and wait for a long time in a crowd .
Also , having their own car will help them to go easily to any of the places they want without standing and waiting to find public transport to drive them .
Furthermore , bikes and walking will replace public transportation .
This is because people are now caring for themselves and for their health .
So , they prefer using bikes over using cars or public transportation for their health and to save the environment from pollution .
Moreover , in the future , public transportation may be banned to avoid the real harm of its toxic fumes .
Besides , it harms the environment , and this can cause acidic rain and global warming .
To conclude , public transport is not useful anymore .
I believe that they will end because of their harm , which far outweighs their benefits .
Drinking has been a custom in the U.S. for many decades .
Ever since the Wild West , the Civil War , and the drafting of the Declaration of Independance .
People under the age of twenty - one are considered to be minors when it comes to drinking alcoholic beverages in the United States .
At eighteen you are considered a man ; therefore , you should be able to decide your own fate and make your own decisions .
Eighteen should be the legal age to consume alcohol in the United States .
In the United States , you can be condemned to go to war at the age of eighteen , but you can not drink a beer like adults aged twenty - one and older .
Kids are dying for our country in wars , but the government will still not allow them to drink .
How can you think you are a man and fight in combat when the government says that you are too young to do what all other adults do ?
I think that if you can hold a gun and fight for your country , you should be able to feel the effects of drinking alcohol .
Kids get in too much trouble trying to hide their drinking from their parents .
Most kids aged eighteen to twenty are out of high school , and their parents do not care what they do .
A high school diploma should state that you are old enough to make mature decisions .
You can say that some kids who are eighteen and over do not have a diploma .
A rule can be made : if you do not have a diploma and you are under twenty one , then you are not able to drink .
Maybe a higher percentage of teenagers will graduate , thinking that if they have a diploma , they will be able to do anything an adult can do .
There would be less crime in the United States among teenagers , if eighteen - year - olds were allowed to drink .
The most common crime among teenagers is drinking and driving .
They are left with this decision to drink and drive because they try to hide it from their parents .
They can not drink in their own households , so they have to do it somewhere their parents will not find out .
Eighteen - year - olds would not be put in jail for drinking alcohol in the car either , which is another high - percentage crime among teenagers .
Drinking should be prohibited for kids eighteen or older .
If the government passes a law allowing them to drink , it will just make the US a better environment to live in .
If anything , the military should convince the government to pass a law allowing teenagers to drink .
If they pass that law , I would feel more like an adult and accept more responsibility because I am one .
The invention of the airplane , in my opinion , has drastically changed the lives of many people .
Air transportation allows people to travel from place to place more quickly and efficiently , and overseas travel has been drastically affected .
Without the airplane , my trip from the US to Spain would have taken an extraordinary amount of time , maybe a week .
The invention of the airplane has also affected areas other than vacation travel ; business , entertainment , and intercontinental relations ( politics ) have felt the impact of the airplane .
As I 've already said , the area of travel has been greatly improved due to the airplane .
Travel times have been significantly shortened ; for example , driving from Michigan to California takes about 30 to 35 hours , but flying the same distance takes about 3 hours .
This gives people a greater variety of places to which they can travel , and they can spend their vacation time at their chosen destination , not trying to get there .
The business world has definitely flourished due to the airplane .
As a result of the greatly decreased travel times , countries can work together much more easily than before .
Also , business relations within countries have improved .
Today , it is relatively easy for an American businessperson to have business relations in any part of the world .
I have seen this in the increase in international business during the past few decades .
Entertainment , a very large field , has grown with the invention of the airplane .
Now , entertainers , whether they be musicans , actors , or athletes , can travel from place to place much more quickly .
For example , Michael Jackson just gave a concert in Madrid . This was made much easier by the airplane .
Professional athletic teams have less travel time and are able to play more games in many different places , because travel is so easy .
The last area I 'm going to touch on is intercontinental relations .
This area has been positively and negatively affected .
Positive aspects include peace talks between nations . These would not take place as often as they do if it took the president one week to get to their destination .
Also , heads of state can more easily interact with each other ( in their respective countries ) with the use of air transportation .
There are negative aspects , too .
Unfortunately , wars have used airplanes .
Japan bombed Pearl Harbor , for example , and the US dropped atomic bombs on Japan .
The invention of the airplane has had many positive effects . Unfortunately , however , it has brought about some negative changes , too .
Nowadays , the number of cars is increasing and the amount of public transport is decreasing .
There are many pros and cons to using cars .
First of all , it is very useful .
You can drive anywhere and anytime . Second , it is more economical .
There is an opinion that in any job , discipline should prevail over talent .
To my mind , I would not even question the statement .
First , only regular , constant self - development ( which requires great discipline ) makes a talent turn into a perfect skill in different professions .
Any talent is nothing without discipline .
It is common knowledge that even the most gifted musicians and ballet dancers , for example , never succeed without orderly , hard work .
Even ballet dancers are famous for their strict discipline .
Second , even if a person does not have any evident innate abilities , he or she can develop perfect skills ( through discipline ) and become more impressive than a disorderly talent .
Notably , the last World Hockey Championship showed how weak our Russian team ( full of brilliant players ) was against a less talented but more disciplined American team .
However , not everyone shares my thoughts .
They say that if you are a genuine talent , discipline is unimportant because you already have talent and it is enough .
They also believe that talent is the only thing that matters in artistic professions and that if you are not gifted , no discipline will help you .
I am afraid I can not agree with these people ; I think discipline is more important than talent . On its own , talent is never enough ; it needs support and day - after - day development .
Regarding creative professions , Pierre Cardin says that discipline and patience are in first place for him .
I guess we can trust him .
To sum it up , you see the problem is twofold and is a complicated one , but I still feel that discipline is the leading characteristic in any occupation .
Well , my first impression is that I absolutely disagree with the statement because , in my mind , public transport is much more convenient than cars or most methods for travelling except for walking or bicycles .
The reason is simple .
Travelling represents energy , and if you must spend energy , it is more economical and environmentally friendly if you can transport many people with the same energy .
Also , you can use better energy sources and make much better profits with public transport than with a private car ( using electricity from solar or wind devices ) , and then your level of greenhouse gases may be reduced by a significant percentage .
On the other hand , you have a lack of comfort or worse availability for any displacement you need , but the advantages of public transport over private transport are more important than disadvantages .
There were many objections raised against the introduction of the National Lottery when the idea was first proposed .
The main issue raised was the unemployment that would occur in the pool company industry .
As the lottery would sound more appealing due to the larger winnings , greater public interest , and the fact that it is easier to fill in than a pool coupon , fewer people would take the pool coupons . This decrease in demand would mean that pool companies such as Littlewoods and Vernon would be forced to make employees redundant due to a decrease in profits .
There were also problems raised about addiction and people younger than sixteen obtaining numbers .
When the National Lottery and scratch cards were introduced , many people became addicted to buying them . Most of these people were unemployed or poorly paid , and the Lottery represented a source of hope for future richness . For many , this was not the case , and addiction meant large debts or resulting to violence and stealing to obtain extra money . It was argued that this addiction is on par with drug addiction and just as hard to kick .
It was also argued that many people under the age of sixteen would buy lottery cards , encouraging the whole nation and its youth to become compulsive gamblers , when money could be better spent on other products , for instance , on extra food for the family or saved for a holiday or a car .
There were also objections raised about the amount of money the proposed jackpot was to be each week and the idea of roll overs increasing this figure even more .
Many people argue that the general public would not be able to cope with becoming overnight multi - millionaires and the untold pressure of fame on the front pages of the tabloids and begging letters would make many people crack and that they would never lead normal lives ever again and lose many friends .
Finally , the lottery was thought to put less money into charity collection boxes as everyone would prefer to put their last pound on a lottery card than in a collection box .
Despite this , after a year of the National Lottery , there have been many cases put forward for retaining it .
The main case is the amount of money that goes towards research charities . This was not the case at the start but was introduced later . Also , grants are given out to preserve our great country 's heritage and culture , for example , for extensive work to repair an existing art gallery .
Also , many sporting projects receive grants to build more recreational areas for the youth and the public to express themselves , get them off the street and discipline them .
Another case for retaining it is the fact that people are still prepared to buy tickets , and if the demand for tickets is there , there is no reason why the supply should not be too .
It gives people hope and something to look forward to during the week .
It has also increased the profits of many newsagents across the country as they get a small percentage of the money for each ticket sold .
There has been a literal explosion of inventions during the twentieth century , ranging from the garbage disposal to the A - bomb .
Some were created to make one 's life easier , others to make our lives longer . All were created for the purpose of advancing civilization .
While each one of these inventions has affected our lives in one way or another , some stand out for significantly changing our mode of living .
Perhaps one thing stands out a little more among its competition , however ; that is television .
Before the late 1940s , entertainment , news , and information all came through newspapers and radio .
It was a system that seemed to work . Many households across the nation owned or had access to a radio and/or newspapers where they could get the day 's information easily and completely .
And , in the case of the radio , all was almost immediate .
With descriptions of sporting events , voices acting out stories , and people from the government speaking directly to the people , the radio seemed to be the perfect solution for countries with citizens living at all ends of their borders .
" The advent of television changed all of that , giving the public a " " peek " " at what radio was n't able to give them . "
Along with news and information that the radio brought to the homes of the people of the world , the television was able to add images that enhanced the entire absorption of what was being broadcast .
Where once a reporter 's voice described a scene , now people could see for themselves what was happening because , for the most part , it was happening in front of their eyes .
Besides the obvious higher level of enjoyment television may bring to its viewer , the most important aspect of this creation is its ability to bring worlds together .
" A president of one country can be seen and heard in a country far away , giving his views and ideas so that all can " " understand " " him . "
The small town store owner can watch her son in an Olympic race as it 's happening without spending thousands to travel to see him in person .
The examples are endless .
Television strength must be realized , however , as it has the power to reach and persuade many .
It is a multimillion dollar business that has developed into even more facets of media , which has become a significant part of our lives .
It is a power we should be thankful to control as long as we do just that : control it .
We can make television work for us in medicine , politics , education , and so much more , so it is necessary to remember to keep the vision on television .
In Brazil , where I have lived since I was born , we have the culture of playing soccer .
In my country , soccer is the preference of almost all people .
Today , my country is receiving the FIFA World Cup .
It 's the second time Brazil has won the World Cup event .
The last time was in 1950 , when Brazil lost the finals to Uruguay in a full Maracanã .
Millions of people expect Brazil to win the World Cup .
Environmental Problems
What will the future be like in 30 years ' time ?
We think that the planet will be in very bad condition , that trees will disappear in 20 or 30 years because of deforestation , and that humans will have more wars because water will be disappearing .
After that , the poles will totally melt because the temperature of the sun will become crazy and very hard , so some people will die of diseases , for example , cancer .
Air pollution will be extreme because cars will be flying on the streets and the technology will be totally changed .
Also , in 20 years , we 'll be eating more fast food and our anatomy will have changed .
Before all this becomes serious , we must begin to take care of our beautiful world .
For sure , travelling by car is more convenient , but otherwise , I do n't agree with the first statement that says there is no longer a future for public transport because of many reasons . First of all , cost - wise , the population requires more unification than before in order to reduce environmental violation , to save our planet , and to enhance the chance to build a good relationship between humans and public transportation . We need to improve vehicles that provide services at either bus or train stations .
Dear TOEFL Staff , I am writing about your email concerning my TOEFL IBT Test .
I decided to take the TOEFL IBT Test to apply to Copenhagen University and indicated the U.K. only as an option , but it is not my first choice .
Can I take the test anyway or do I have to cancel my reservation ?
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Abortion is a controversial topic in today 's society .
Almost everyone has an opinion on the subject .
Many people believe it should be illegal .
Many others believe the government should not interfere ; it should remain the choice of the individual .
Poverty , personal choice , and illegal abortions are examples of why people should maintain their right to decide .
Abortion is the right of the people , and it should remain so .
One in four women experience rape or attempted rape in their lifetime .
Imagine being forced to carry the child of a man who assaulted you and then being forced to give birth to this child .
Would be able to love him or her ?
This traumatic event takes months or years to recover from .
Without the right to an abortion , many of these women would require more time to recover and more counseling than they would already be receiving .
Most unwanted pregnancies occur in poverty - stricken areas of society .
Generally , children born into impoverished environments remain at that socioeconomic level their entire lives .
Lower income families also tend to have five children on average , while middle and upper income families tend to have only two children .
By offering abortion to lower income people , you are helping to maintain a balance of the number between lower income families and middle and upper income families .
Women deserve the right to have an abortion . They won this right in the case of Roe versus Wade .
This was a landmark victory for pro - choice women across America .
Without this , women would probably not be able to make the choice today .
No one should be able to decide whether or not another person should be allowed to have an abortion .
This includes religious people and the government itself , because if they remove this right , who is to say they will not try to remove other rights eventually ?
If abortion were to be outlawed again , would this end the practice ?
" Not many women would continue to seek abortions , whether it be in some unsanitary underground " " clinic " " or on their own with some primitive tool , like a coat hanger or similar device . "
Abortion would still be rampant , but now it would have a much higher mortality rate and it would be more expensive .
Without abortions , where would all the unwanted children go ?
The basic plan would be to put them in adoption homes , but this would cost tax payers huge sums of money to support .
The average cost of supporting a child is one hundred twenty - five thousand dollars for eighteen years .
Infant mortality rates would rise also , because there would be a higher number of ignorant and uncaring parents .
The education system between Iraq and Australia
There is a big difference between Iraq and Australia in education or study systems , and this stems from learning styles , as we will show .
• In Iraq they still prefer the old learning styles , with the school giving basic knowledge dependent on the curricula and at the same time they focus on homework , but in Australia they care more about direct education through singing , painting , stories , and they do n't care about homework because the do all their work at school .
• I think parents in Iraq care about their children 's results more than those in Australia because the level of education in Iraq determines their destiny because the Iraqi people prefer formal jobs rather than freelance work .
• Both Iraqis and Australians believe knowledge is gained through education and it is not .
Hello , my name is Lucio , and I am from Mexico City .
Nowadays , the environment is having problems around the world , especially in my city , as it is one of the biggest cities in the world ; so , four years ago , I made the decision to do something to save natural resources .
The first thing that I do every day is put a bucket behind me to collect the water that is wasted and then it is used to wash the yard .
The second thing that I do is have energy saving bulbs in my house . With this action , the pollution of my house is minimized . The last thing that I do is close the faucet while I brush my teeth .
I can do more to support the environment , but at the moment , I am comfortable with the actions that I take every day .
Travelling by motorway today is not as easy as it was meant to be by any standards , yet every morning and evening , motorways across the United Kingdom are blocked solid with traffic to and from work .
Not only is this ' ecologically ' unsound , due to the harmful byproducts of the combustion engine , which has been stressed in the press recently , but it is also stressful , time - wasting and expensive .
Earth has a finite supply of fossil fuels from which petroleum and diesel come for our cars and trains to run on , but ' we ' need to get to work , which could be anything up to 200 miles away .
Not only are there problems with traveling from A to B , but the likelihood is that if B is in any major city , you will waste more time looking for somewhere to park .
In pre - war Britain , rail was the only means of long - distance travel in the UK , so the rail system was more efficient with more frequent trains and many more stations , but as the motor car became more popular , fewer people used the railroad and the system declined . The smaller demand has led to less frequent services at increased prices .
In my opinion , the only way forward is the increased use of public transport systems because of the sheer waste caused by the average two - car family .
The majority of the cars that you will see whilst travelling at a snail 's pace along the M6 outside Birmingham will be driven by one person with no passengers . If these drivers had offered to give a colleague from work a lift home , the numbers on the road would effectively be halved .
Cities such as Manchester have tried hard to control the increasing numbers of cars by introducing by - passes and providing multi - storey car parking .
Some cities have even banned cars from entering the city during work hours , making pedestrian life enjoyable .
Trams have been reestablished in some cities , allowing people to leave their cars to do their shopping .
This , in my opinion , is an attitude that should be adopted not only by town and city councils but also by the government to reduce the number of cars on the road .
It was like her first day at school .
She stood before the great building and started searching for a clue that could help her overcome these feelings of uncertainty , desperation , and terrible curiosity that invaded her .
What was required of her ?
How was she supposed to reach an agreement and establish a settlement with those beings that looked so much like humans but were not in the least similar to any other person she had ever known ?
They were not animals , they were not machines , they were not automatons , but they were ready to use her and give her back empty , with neither soul nor mind .
She was there to negotiate the end of the war .
She was alone and they were millions .
They had crept by unnoticed .
A whole and soon - to - be - lost civilization was fighting to survive and their future was in her hands .
They owed her everything , and therefore they had agreed to receive her , but would they listen to her words ?
She knew she would just say lies , lots of lies , millions of lies , just as there were millions of people with a reason to fight back : surveillance .
As she climbed the ruined stairs through the debris and filthiness , there were still some pieces of corpses remaining nearby and the smell was so disgusting she thought she would puke soon .
Her watch showed 13:13 h. That was a good hour , as good as any other .
The sun was shadowed by dark rising dust .
In today 's society , it is unrealistic for one to expect to work for a single company or employer for the entirety of their life .
This essay explains this statement from three perspectives : economic , sociological , and legal .
Workers do not gain financial benefits to the maximum if they work for a single company for a very long time . Intending to attract more competent workers , companies tend to pay more to people who move in from another company .
In Japan , for example , many workers go job hunting after spending several years at a company in order to get a better job at another company .
Except for those whose prime motivation to work is not money , one needs to think of working for several companies to get a better life .
One will be constantly exposed to degrading opinions from society if he / she stays at a single company for the entirety of their lives : some societies consider people who do not change their companies less competent .
Again , in Japan , because there is a social norm that competent workers constantly change jobs to get better jobs , some people tend to see those who stay at a single company as having no competence and being less ambitious .
Being very sensitive to how other people see us , we are less likely to work for a single company for a very long time with such a social standard today .
Companies gain more benefits if they hire new employees for short periods .
Some countries require a company to hire an individual as a regular worker if they work more than a specific number of years .
In Japan , for example , with the intention of securing jobs for youth , companies are required to hire part - time workers as regular , full - time workers after they work more than four years .
This has been burdening some companies that hire only part - time workers for the sake of personnel costs . Many companies , as a result , do not renew work contracts for more than four years .
Again , it is unrealistic for an employee to work for a single company for the rest of their life .
Everything happened three years ago .
His father was very angry with him because Michael was n't the person he had been .
Michael came back very late one night .
He was going out with people who were bad influences on him .
They were drinking every night , and they were out of control .
That day , Michael 's father talked with him and gave him one last opportunity to change .
At first , Michael was out of control .
He started yelling at his father and hitting the furniture , so he was unable to hear what his father was saying .
Michael decided to leave because he did n't want to cause any more problems , but it was too late .
If Michael 's father had understood why Michael was acting this way , he would have punished him severely .
So , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi , Isabel !
Where are you now ?
What are you doing at this moment ?
I 'm in Oxford , United Kingdom , with my best friend , and we are visiting the city .
It is my new city and I love it .
Oxford is an old , fantastic city in the UK .
There are many shops of all types .
My favorite is Topshop . It is a clothing shop and I like everything .
There are many interesting universities here .
The food is n't good . I miss Italian food .
With lovely ale .
Dear Phillip ,
I 've received your letter and will respond to you as soon as possible .
You seem to be very upset due to these two interests .
I do n't think you should give up anything you love .
They may exhaust you and give you no time to take a break .
I went through this during my high school life , so I can totally understand what you 're thinking .
I would rather give you some advice to take advantage of your time .
It 's better to schedule your daily events , which can shorten your time - wasting , like surfing the net or watching TV . If you are still tired , try to take a rest .
It 's fine for a time out , but not for giving up .
I 'm pretty sure it will work if you are willing to have a try .
Cheer up ! I will always be on your side .
ZUMBA , A FUN AND HEALTHY SPORT
If you want to keep fit , you must do Zumba .
Actually , Zumba is a sport that you can find in all gyms .
It is a sport in which people move their entire bodies , since they dance to different kinds of music .
Usually , one Zumba session lasts around 60 minutes , during which you can burn about 600 calories .
You also exercise and , at the same time , have fun .
Moreover , doing Zumba is an opportunity for meeting other people and making new friends .
It is a sport that all people can do : children , women , and men . It is also considered a sport that makes people happy because they learn a lot of difficult dances , can see changes in their bodies , and look healthy ; thus , their self - esteem improves .
If you do Zumba three times a week and follow a healthy diet , you will lose weight and feel better .
Furthermore , I would like to advise that before each session , you must warm up the muscles to avoid any lesions or problems . You have to begin carefully because there are very fast songs and you can do damage .
You will also need a lot of water .
On the other hand , if you feel tired , you can rest during some songs .
To rest during a song is better than trying to dance all the songs and ending up injured .
In addition , after each session you must stretch your body very well , so the next day you wo n't feel horribly stiff .
You have to do Zumba because it is very fun . You will be the king or queen of the disco .
My city does not have good transport .
We have only one bus , and the system is n't good .
They are late and there are very many people .
We should invest money in the system to improve it .
If politicians spent more money correctly , the situation would be much better .
Unfortunately , I can not say that my city is really protective of nature .
The city is quite clean , but all the garbage is transported to scrapyards and stored there .
Some of it has burned down , but most of the garbage stays forever .
Well , maybe not forever , but garbage remains on collectors for an indefinite time .
Several years ago , in my city , special garbage containers appeared .
These containers have several sections for different types of garbage .
But when a container becomes full , the dustcart operator pours all the garbage into the same bin !
Naturally , people were not happy to see that , and in less than a month , all those containers were abandoned .
The next major problem with environmental protection is industrial waste .
There 's a river in our city that is heavily contaminated with industrial pollution .
Today , all factories have filtering systems , but it is still forbidden to swim in our river .
Nevertheless , I want to say that our city is changing .
These changes are not happening fast , but they are in progress .
I hope that in a couple of years , I 'll be able to say that the city is really clean .
People have always seen themselves as social animals , with living together as the norm .
Family life is one of the outlines of how we understand ourselves and our relationships , and also the way we build our places to live .
In this essay , I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of different generations of one family living together in the same house .
In my opinion , there are more advantages , but the worst thing that can happen is the generation gap ( one of the reasons why relationships between teenagers and parents or grandparents can be difficult sometimes ) .
On the other hand , there is nothing better than getting on well together , especially with people you can rely on and trust .
They are your family ; you are sharing your time and space with them , so if you feel involved , your life will be easier .
All you need are good communication skills and empathy .
You can help each other when necessary , ask for a piece of advice and be able to take part in reasoned discussions .
There are some ways to prevent problems and avoid upsetting each other .
It is important to keep an open mind .
When we act like that , we will find that we do n't just survive , but thrive .
Finally , family living should be nurtured and supported by all family members because unity is our strength .
GOOD DEED
It was a nice Saturday night in Madrid .
I was in the Plenilunio with my friends when I was 15 years old .
When we were leaving the shopping center , I unexpectedly found a really weird handbag . I was shocked by the situation .
Finding a bag with jewelry is not a mundane situation .
When I took the bag to see if there were any documents or something that could help me to find the owner , my friends turned a blind eye to me .
I quickly took the bag and left the shopping center surreptitiously while I was looking for my friends .
As I could n't find them , I went directly home as if nothing had happened .
When I reached my bedroom , I saw that the exotic boxes I thought carried jewelry actually carried banknotes .
I actually thought it was a dream . When I reacted , I had been quiet as a mouse for 2 minutes .
What should I do ?
Should I take the money as if nothing has occurred , or should I try to give the bag back ?
Finally , my regret convinced me to do a good deed .
Searching for something that would help me give the money back , I found the number of someone we were actually going to meet when I found him on the street .
It was my neighbour !
I gave him the bag and , proud of myself , went back home thinking about what would have happened if I had selfishly kept the money .
The question of a single Europe and whether this implies a loss of sovereignty for Britain has been one of considerable debate for some time .
Last November , one of the principle reasons underlying Mrs Thatcher 's resignation was her negative stance towards increasing involvement in Europe .
Her view was not shared by many of her party colleagues who , on the contrary , were conscious of an all - too - pressing need for Britain to play an active role in a united Europe .
January 1993 is expected to witness the creation of the single European market .
The aims of such a union are essentially economic .
All trade barriers will be broken down to encourage and promote free trade between the countries of Europe , in the belief that increased cooperation will lead to increased productivity .
To facilitate trade between nations , many people are in favour of adopting a common currency , namely the ECU .
This , in turn , would also have to lead to the formation of a central European bank .
A single Europe , whilst primarily being created as an economic union , will necessarily have implications on a political level .
The European Parliament , of course , already exists , but many people envisage that in a single Europe it will play a more important role and its power will be extended , possibly surpassing those exercised by individual national governments in Europe and overriding their decisions .
For supporters of a single Europe , the question of whether it will entail a loss of British sovereignty is not a primary issue . They would argue , first and foremost , that Britain can not afford to go it alone and that it is in Britain 's interests to join forces with the rest of Europe .
Critics of European union , on the other hand , are afraid that increased cooperation in both the economic and political spheres will give rise to a European superpower that will undermine the sovereignty of Britain in these fields .
Personally , I am in favour of a single Europe to the extent that I believe Britain can no longer afford to stand alone in opposition to the other countries in Europe , all of which have long been in favour of such a union .
Moreover , closer cooperation will undoubtedly be favourable and bring about increased productivity and prosperity .
However , I feel hesitant at the prospect of a common currency , at least until such a move might become necessary , as this would certainly mean the loss of British sovereignty from an economic point of view .
Yet I am even more against the idea of listening to political dictates from Brussels .
If the powers of the European Parliament are extended to the point that it has authority over national governments , our whole democratic political structure will be in grave danger and Britain will assuredly lose its political sovereignty .
Academic culture differs from one country to another , so the most important and challenging task for an international student to adjust to the academic culture of Australia for effective learning .
During my studies , I have found a vast difference in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , memorising lessons and rote learning are the bases of higher education .
In contrast , in Australia , students are supposed to use online resources for research , referencing , studying independently and thinking critically .
At the beginning , I felt really uncomfortable using online resources . It was difficult to develop my own perspective and present a reasoned argument .
However , studying in Australian academic culture is an incredibly exciting and rewarding experience .
There are definite reasons for the differences in the academic cultures of Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , university teachers hardly get training , orientation and research opportunities to update their knowledge , so , they stick with the traditional method of teaching .
( Teijlingen , E. & Simkhada , P. 2010 ) .
As a result , students fail to access research literature despite their strong academic success .
On the other hand , in Australia , courses like EAP are usually designed to improve students ' academic language proficiency and the relevant study skills that will help them throughout their academic life .
( Budley )
Thus , skill - based learning is more useful in our academic life .
In conclusion , for my effective learning at my university , I will access available resources for my research , improve my note - taking skills , interact with teachers and peers in the class , attend class lectures and work hard to be an independent learner .
Amongst recent issues , there have been big problems with the number of heavy goods vehicles on British roads today .
This amount of traffic on the roads causes mass congestion on motorways such as the M25 in London and the M61 in Manchester . This static movement on British motorways has caused an increase in gas emissions from car exhausts into the atmosphere , which will eventually cause global warming .
A few suggestions have been made to remedy these problems but have had no great effect .
A number of these are listed below .
An allowance of better access into Britain 's main industrial centres results from the building of large and substantial highways .
A limited number of H.G.V. operators only submit a few lorries from their fleet to be used on British roads .
It is a kind of catalytic converter for diesel engines to reduce some of the harmful emissions .
Another idea is for the government to introduce some type of tolling system to be used on motorways and main A roads .
A final approach to the problem of congestion on motorways is to make heavy goods transport compulsory for rail only .
Here are only a few suggestions of how to convert British roads , but just these few would be cause for debate .
The problem with these suggestions is that it would cost millions of pounds to put any one of them into practice .
Take the first suggestion for example . A network of routes into all major industrial cities would cost billions due to the fact that it costs £ 1 million for a mile of motorway .
If there were only a limited number of H.G.V. operators , it would drive a lot of people out of business , and that would n't be in the best interests of the government .
A catalytic converter for diesel engines is a good idea , but it would only reduce gas emissions and not congestion .
All the suggestions I have made have problems , and this is why we still have problems on our roads today .
Dear Sirs and Madams ,
My name is Edda Preuß . I am from Germany , and I finished my A - levels this year .
To get some new inspiration and some new ideas about what I would like to do in the future , I planned to do a reading trip through the USA .
However , my plans suddenly changed when I read your advertisement for the job at the summer camps .
I am a very open - minded person .
I love to travel and to explore different cultures .
Furthermore , I participate in many sports such as swimming , running , and dancing ( flamenco , Zumba , and hip hop ) .
I have already worked with children in the past , as I worked as a swimming teacher for children from 4 to 7 years of age and also as I did an internship at a primary school in my town .
I loved to organize all sorts of activities , parties , and meals .
I hope you share my opinion that I am the perfect employee for the job you offer .
I am looking forward to meeting you personally .
Best regards ,
Edda Preuß
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I was pleased to see your report on municipal waste collection released recently , as I have long been interested in the data you published .
It was also great to see that the percentage of land - filled waste is lower compared to other regions , and I was particularly glad to see that the utilisation of waste to recover heat and power has at least been started , even if its proportion is still negligible in the overall treatment of waste .
It is my firm conviction that the proportion of recycled waste needs to grow during the coming year(s ) to shrink the amount of land - filled waste to avoid the detrimental effect the latter has on the health conditions of the local population .
Due to this , I would like to propose that you involve locally based companies in decision making , since they are likely to have a stake in maintaining a clean local environment while being eager to utilise recycled raw materials for their manufacturing processes .
It is imperative that you take my proposal into serious consideration , because the growing number of illnesses caused by toxic waste in the soil increases the municipality 's social security expenditures while ruining the lives of local families .
Yours sincerely ,
Carlo Paole
Genetic manipulation has been going on for many centuries in the form of selective breeding , of both crops and animals .
This technique has been of great benefit to the human race , enabling the production of more food , better food and new and interesting varieties of food .
Of course , it is not just food that has benefited from selective breeding — the development of different natural fibres such as wool and cotton has been aided by it .
It is only in very recent times that genetic manipulation has been seen to have bad as well as good sides .
This is because we are now at the stage in which scientists can alter an organism by changing its genes in some way .
I do not believe that the scientists who originally began research into the nature of genetics had any idea that it would one day be put to bad ( or good ) use — they simply wanted to find out what it was all about and hence can not be blamed for any later events .
Today , much research is being carried out on human genes to find out how they work and whether they can be altered to prevent diseases .
The scientists who work on this can not be blamed if someone else uses their technique for less philanthropic ends — for example , in biological warfare , or to eliminate a ' gay ' or ' criminal ' gene that may be present in human embryos .
Where scientists can be blamed , however , is in the case of genetically engineered tomatoes .
These are now available in a supermarket near you , with their genes altered to increase their redness , juiciness or resistance to disease .
These tomatoes are probably perfectly safe , but if they , or some other genetically engineered food , prove to cause a terrible disease , then that is the fault of the scientists who developed them , because they did not test them adequately to make sure they were safe .
Similarly , if genetically engineered vaccines or medicine prove to have harmful side effects , that is because they were not adequately tested before being released into the market , and the scientists are to blame .
To Whom It May Concern ,
I am writing this letter because I think I am a suitable person for this job .
I love working with kids , and I have a lot of experience taking care of them and also organizing different activities .
I love working in the kitchen , and I am an excellent cook .
Sincerely ,
Natalia
Everyone knows that famous people have hard lives .
They are constantly in mind and in the center of attention .
Famous people do not actually have personal time .
Is that right ?
In my opinion , no . I think these people deserve freedom .
Celebrities have 2 lives .
First life is for society and the press .
Second life is private without cameras and journalists .
Like any normal person , these people want silence and rest after a hard day .
" Sometimes , journalists wait for their " " victims " " around houses and restaurants . "
It is not very nice .
Often , they are asked dirty and unpleasant questions .
Famous people also want to spend time with family and friends .
I think to solve this problem , we need to indicate the time and place where a famous person will give an interview .
Police can arrest journalists if they take interviews in the wrong place .
Then , I think this would facilitate the lives of famous people .
For one thing , they are people , not machines .
The National Lottery was introduced in Britain on November 1994 .
Since the first draw , it has become increasingly popular , involving millions of people across the country each week .
The proposal of a lottery brought about many objections and complaints .
There were , and still are , two principle concerns the Anti - National Lottery Campaigners still have .
For people living in high society , a ' flutter ' on the national lottery each week has no effect on their financial position .
These kinds of people can afford to spend £ 10 - 20 a week .
The concern lies with the , and I use the term lightly , ' working class citizens ' .
These people work hard throughout the year and can not afford to spend large amounts of money on the lottery .
The problem is , these working men and women and unemployed men and women do spend money they ca n't afford .
The second of the two problems is the encouragement of gambling .
National Lottery , after all , is another gambling game .
The probability of winning the jackpot is approximately 1 in 14 million , and the probability of winning ten pounds is 1 in 58 .
It is gambling , but more importantly , it is gambling made available to 16 year olds .
A lot of the gambling problems tend to lie with the scratch cards associated with the lottery .
These are easily purchased , and the attraction is winning on the spot .
The thought of being rich instantly encourages gamblers , young , old , and underage , to purchase tickets .
National Lottery , however , has its good points .
There is one main advantage to the lottery .
It has helped charities and societies around the country to achieve things that would otherwise have been impossible .
From buying a young child with brain problems a very expensive piece of stimulative equipment to building a new village hall for a small community in the Shetland Islands , the lottery has helped young and old , far and wide .
The lottery has also created jobs , encouraged spending , and has made many people have happy dreams about what it would be like to be rich .
National Lottery has its good points and its bad points .
Deciding whether it should have been introduced or not is very much a personal thing and depends on how importantly you rate the points I have emphasised in this essay .
I believe it is a benefit to the country .
Dear Student Film Club ,
I thought I might help you with choosing an awesome movie for the club .
A thriller actually .
I absolutely loved this one because of its amazing actors , Leonardo Di Caprio and Blake Lively .
They played a married couple in their early thirties who had just moved to a lake house .
Of course , after a few weeks , strange things started happening .
At night , they heard weird noises and moans coming from the lake .
Furthermore , the woman started to see shadows and movements around the water .
And it only got worse .
I do n't want to give you a huge spoiler and ruin everything , so I am only going to tell you that it will get pretty sick .
Someone is going to die , and there is going to be a lot of blood .
I really recommend watching this thriller .
If you have the guts , you will love it just as much as I did .
Until next time , Lea .
Hi Jo ,
I am so glad to hear from you .
I am very happy because you have decided to come to my city .
This is a great idea because it means we could spend some time together .
First of all , I would like to know how you are going to travel .
From your city to mine , you can travel by plane , train or by bus ; whatever you choose , you have connections to the center of the city , although for me , the fastest way is travelling by plane .
From the airport , there are different transport , such as buses , trains or the underground , and they take you to the city in less than half an hour .
Travelling within the city is quite expensive . However , if you get a one - day travel card , you will save money .
Although getting a job is harder than last year , many agencies are looking for employees just for the summer time .
You can try to get a job as a waitress in fast food restaurants or as a retail assistant in shopping centers .
I hope this helps you .
See you .
" The author uses a third person narrator with third person pronouns , such as " " his " " or " " their " " . "
The story is seen through the eyes of Susan .
The narrator knows her feelings and thoughts and is able to see what she sees , but he does not know any of the thoughts or feelings of the other characters .
One point that shows this is the scene in which Susan talks to Annie , and she is wondering what Annie might think about her plan to save the dog .
From all these points , one can conclude that the narrator has a limited point of view .
Another point to analyse is the mode of presentation .
In the short story , we can find mostly scenic presentation .
The events are described in detail , for example , when each step of Susan is described .
There is only one exception , where the mode of presentation is a panoramic one , when the events of the holidays are summed up in the second paragraph .
Furthermore , the story is made up of parts of external action and parts of internal action , such as the interior monologue where the reader gets to know all of Susan 's thoughts in detail .
Save Billy is a short story that is written in an informal register , which can be recognized by the use of informal words , such as kiddies and short forms like did n't and is n't .
The aim of this study is to verify the research trends in the Revista Educação Especial during the years 2010 - 2013 and identify the most developed research themes in recent years ; it also identifies undeveloped or absent themes the last four years .
The selection of the journal is justified because it is a journal with a wide consolidated disclosure and which shows only articles on special education .
This is a bibliographic research of qualitative and quantitative disposition .
The articles analyzed were accessed at the journal site , resulting in 134 articles .
The collected information was organized into frameworks outlining developed themes and pointing out the number of articles discussing each subject . The institution , whether the article presented participants or not , and if so , who were the participants , were tabulated .
The results showed institutions that published more in journals : Universidade Federal de São Carlos and Universidade Federal de Santa Maria . The majority of research does n't present participants , followed by the items with interventions made by professionals .
The most topics published are special education and school inclusion , and the less published are prevention and defining disability .
Some disabilities are poorly studied or do n't present effective interventions , as in the global development disorder ; there is a great deal of concern about working with autism , but little or almost nothing is presented on the other requirements that fall in this group .
Another example is in relation to the articles dealing with the issue of deafness . Another example is in relation to the articles dealing with the issue of deafness on which we can verify only one of twelve associated with cochlear implantation .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise when I saw Maria Shaw , my favourite singer , in front of me .
" She looked as beautiful as I had seen in her clips but a bit worried . "
I need help , I am completely lost , and I need to get to Valencia .
' Furthermore , my car is broken , ' she said , and I replied , ' That 's no problem . '
" I 'm going to take you to your concert . "
It was very exciting , because nobody had visited me at my cottage , but that day , my luck changed .
During my journey with Maria , I asked her a lot of questions .
She was very friendly and made a lot of jokes .
She invited me to the concert , and it was wonderful . I had tried to buy tickets , but it was impossible because they had been sold out in less than an hour .
The best moment of the night was when she dedicated a song to me and later invited me to supper with all her staff .
What a marvellous woman I met that day .
I think many people use a car to travel because it is easy , but when you are on the road with your own car , there are a lot of disadvantages .
One of these is traffic : if you take the tube , you will probably not stay on the road for minutes , and you will move faster underground .
For me , people almost did n't find the real potential of public transport .
Many of them think that using their own car is better .
The high number of cars is really damaging to the environment , and the pollution increases every day .
I hope that there will be a future for public transport , which is more effective than cars .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages to cars .
An advantage is that you can go everywhere you want with your car , but a big disadvantage is the traffic .
Another disadvantage is finding a parking for the car in the center of cities .
Public transport also has advantages and disadvantages .
For example , public transport has designed stops and sometimes is a little late .
But a big advantage , especially for the underground , is the absolute absence of traffic .
Old computers were much bigger and more complicated to handle than recent ones .
They could n't access the Internet since there simply was no such thing .
You had to command the device by typing instructions in specific ways that few people knew .
There were n't any mouses , and it was impossible to connect anything through the wireless .
One could only play a small number of games on old computers .
All of these features did not make computers very popular among ordinary people , and they were used almost exclusively by scientists and mathematicians .
Nobody uses them nowadays !
They were far less practical and comfortable than our current everyday devices .
In fact , there is no future for public transport .
As far as public transport is concerned , there does not seem to be a way forward unless we can reduce the enormous amounts of petrol needed to fuel it .
In my view , the type of transport that we are accustomed to will gradually diminish .
On the other hand , the vehicle industry has managed to create efficient electric cars so long as they do not need petrol .
This is a huge advance for the environment and also a huge problem for the development of public transport .
It can be seen how each year there are more and more of the new electric models of Toyota and other brands .
Far from being only a benefit for the environment , this fact is also positive for the travellers who will be getting an important reduction in travelling costs with this new type of car , which is provoking a direct decrease in public transport 's use .
At this point , something seems to be clear for the public transport industries : their future depends on how they will be able to get more efficient trains , buses or planes .
Why ?
There are two reasons : prices and environmental protection .
' - Yesterday , I was on the beach with my grandpa and my dog Willi .
Willi is a beautiful two - year - old poodle I got as a Christmas present .
' - Since Willi likes hunting , my grandpa threw his stick into the water .
Immediately , Willi turned and ran for the stick .
He was back in a minute .
Then , a strange man came to us .
He was tall and slim , and he was wearing a coat .
He kept a stick in his hand , but his was bigger than my grandpa 's .
' - As he saw Willi , he too threw his stick into the water and wanted Willi to bring it back .
But he did n't want to catch the man 's stick , so he turned round and walked away .
Of course , we left with him .
' - The man was shouting at us to come back for a minute , but then he stopped .
The stick was still lying in the water , so he had no choice but to jump into the water for it .
Although the man was angry , it was very funny for us .
Do you agree or disagree ?
The more money people have , the more they should give away for charity .
Nowadays , more and more people discuss whether it is a responsibility that a person who possesses more money should take .
Donate more money to charity .
Some people think that more money a rich man has is useless , so he should give
away a portion of his fortune for charity .
By doing this , he can use the money to maximum extent . I do not agree .
I do not agree with this idea .
There are numerous reasons to support me .
Money can be used not only for donating to charity but also for having a perfect daily life .
If we want to live
longer , we have to maintain a happy mind every day .
To hold a happy mental state , some people shop every day .
When they
see what they want to buy , they buy them without the slightest hesitation .
Therefore , they can have a happy
life every day .
In addition to buying what you want , money can also be used to build a more wonderful world .
There are many
diseases that ca n't be cured .
Therefore , rich men can use their fortune to build a group that is made up of the
excellent biological scientists to research some new useful medicine to rescue more dying people .
Furthermore , giving away money for charity is not a privilege for only rich people , so ordinary people can also
donate money to philanthropic organizations .
Some people think living a plain life is the best thing for them .
Therefore , common people contribute a portion of their fortune to charity and just live an ordinary life .
It is
so kind that they have great lives every day .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for the position of cook , as seen in your advertisement .
I am a 25-year - old girl , and I am a student .
I love cooking .
I am interested in many exotic cultures , for example , Chinese and Japanese food .
What draws us to Facebook ?
More than 500 million users log on to the site every day , but many of them bemoan Facebook as a time - suck , although they could spend this time more productively on work , schoolwork or real facetime with family and friends .
But something keeps drawing us into the fueling of Facebook . It can boost our self - esteem , satisfy our need for connectedness and self - promotion and help us maintain offline relationships .
But we do n't all use Facebook in the same way . There are the sociable , the lonely and the narcissistic . They go on Facebook to satisfy different needs .
The university psychologist Stefan Hofmann found out that we use Facebook to satisfy two needs .
On the one hand , it is our need to belong and on the other , our need for self - presentation .
Facebook satisfies both of those basic needs , says Hofmann .
Some people think that Facebook is a blessing for interpersonal connection .
But other people think Facebook makes us lonely and removes contact with real friends .
Social psychologist Sheldon found out that a lot of time on Facebook can result in both high levels of feeling connected to other people and with high levels of disconnection .
A new study suggests that we gain some psychological benefit even from passively viewing our own profiles .
In a 2011 study on 300 college students , researchers Amy Gonzales and Jeffrey Hancock found that students who were asked to look at their own Facebook page for just three minutes showed a boost in self - esteem compared to control groups who either looked in a mirror or simply sat in a room for three minutes .
The researchers suspect this is due to the fact that we can self - select what other people can see on our profile .
Facebook can allow people to access information that they would n't otherwise know , such as a new job opportunity or a news story they might have missed .
The more different kinds of people you have in your network , the better chance you have of getting useful information .
Researchers believe social networking is likely to just continue growing .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
I was shocked .
He looked like Luke Guina .
I wondered how that could really be .
I looked at him , and he looked at me .
I was sure , totally sure .
He sang in my favourite band .
" I cried , " " Oh my fucking God , you are Luke Guina , right ? I am probably your biggest fan . " " "
How can it be that I meet you at our school ?
I have been to so many concerts but never had the chance to speak to you .
" He laughed and answered , " " Wow , I did n't think anybody knew me in this school . "
Well , my band is not so famous right now , but thank you for these compliments .
I am really glad about them .
" I go to school here starting from now … " " We had a nice conversation , and I finally found a very good friend in Luke . "
I love the music of his band , and maybe I will be part of the group as a second singer .
I would like to write about my family .
I am a mother of two grown children .
I am a part - time employee , working in a laboratory as a specimen receptionist .
I have been working there for almost nine years .
I came to the United Kingdom in 2004 with my husband and my children .
My husband had come here as a student for his PhD. At the beginning , I was the only one who earned in the family .
Because of that , it was hard to provide daily requirements for our young children .
At that time , my daughter was a teenager .
Initially , she had to struggle to adjust herself to a completely new environment .
But , I am happy to say that after ten years of hardship , my husband managed to find a proper job , and my daughter has become a sensible , smart woman . At the moment , she is studying for a degree in developmental physiology .
Dear Grace ,
You had a bad accident that changed your life forever .
It 's normal that now you 're depressed , and you think it 's not worth living anymore , but you must think about all the beautiful things that you can do anyway , even if you 'll do them in a different way .
You need to think positive and try to enjoy yourself . Do n't think about the past ; just live your life in the present . Do n't be discouraged , and do n't let this problem change your life .
If it seems impossible to be optimistic , it depends only on you . You need to want it .
" In order to determine whether or not crime pays , one should first define what is meant by the word " " pays " " . "
If a person gains $ 100 in a jewelry store theft , yet uses ten dollars worth of gas to get away , cuts his hand on a broken window and pays $ 50 in medical bills , and spends another $ 50 on a hideout hotel room , then his crime has actually left him ten dollars in the hole .
" However , the question of crime paying requires accounting for a deeper level of " " pay " " than simple dollars and cents . "
In terms of criminal work , pay must be weighed as gains made from crime versus all manners of loss that occur as a result .
One issue to consider as a loss is the type of capital loss illustrated above .
Crime , like any small business , requires investment .
One investment is time .
If the time involved in the planning and enacting of a crime does not pay off in a gain that can justify that time expenditure , then the crime has not paid .
Whether or not crime pays in this instance depends on how much money a criminal could make in a legitimate field .
If the criminal can only expect to earn the minimum wage in a legal job , then crimes can earn less to justify time spent .
If a criminal is well - educated and could function in one of the professions , then his crimes must earn more .
Other capital investments in crime could include equipment such as getaway cars , dynamite , weaponry , and disguises .
Mafia and police payoffs could be involved .
Dealing with stolen property or other contraband could require splitting monies earned with other involved parties .
A murderer 's income must be enough to cover all these expenditures .
Another type of loss to be considered is loss of mental or physical health and well - being .
Many times , violence is a part of crime .
The cost of taking a gunshot or knife in the leg is more than just the medical bills .
It could be an injury that keeps someone from ever working again .
Very few criminals have worker 's compensation .
The stress that comes about from constant risk of injury and incarceration is a cost in itself and could lessen both a person 's lifespan and enjoyment of life .
Legal problems could become both a capital loss and a health - related loss .
Lawyers can be very expensive , and if a criminal chooses to avoid the capital loss of a more expensive attorney , he could pay with the health loss of being imprisoned .
Even if someone is not imprisoned , long legal entanglements can be very stressful and unhealthy .
Does crime pay ?
In some cases , it may , but a small criminal businessman must deal with the same risks as a legitimate businessman .
Larger criminal corporations will always seek to drive him out of business , and he may have to work long hours for small gains .
However , he does better than any legitimate businessman on one count : no taxes .
In my home town of Kalamazoo , the invention of the shopping mall has changed the lives of the people in our town and the town itself .
While many people enjoy and utilize shopping malls , I believe that they are more of a detriment than a blessing .
Kalamazoo , like most American cities , began surrounding the central means of transportation .
Cities were first located near water , then near train tracks , and then began to locate themselves farther away due to the inventions of trucks and cars .
Downtown Kalamazoo was once a thriving and successful district .
Near the train station were the larger industries and other essential specialized stores for everyday supplies .
Homes and neighborhoods were located outside of the central city ; however , many stores had several floors of apartments above them to accommodate families to live .
Everyone was near the central city , so everyone could use the central city .
Rich and poor alike had easy access to the offerings of the central city .
Throughout history , the trend has been the rich getting richer and the poor remaining poor .
While the rich got richer , they began building specialized shops and strip malls outside of the city limits .
And , more wealthy people moved from the inner city ( with help from the invention of the automobile ) to the suburbs where they could keep a distance from the busy inner city .
While the more wealthy began moving away from the inner city , the poor and lower working class remained due to lack of transportation or money to move outwards .
This process has left the businesses in the inner cities , including Kalamazoo , without a stable clientele .
Why should we , say those with cars , go downtown where the poorer people are and have to shop outside going from specialized store to store , when we can go to a nice indoor mall that has everything ?
Businesses that could move out of the downtown district did , and still do , and relocated to strip malls near the main malls or in the malls themselves .
I believe it is only the storeowners who realize this process is occurring or enjoy the downtown district remain and stay in business .
Many larger factories and office buildings still remain downtown .
And the executives and business people rely on commuting to and from the city daily without taking advantage of what was once a thriving neighborhood .
and still could be !
One feature that does attract business is colleges .
Kalamazoo has 1 large university , 1 private college and two community-2 yr colleges .
" " " colleges . "
The large and private universities are within walking distance of downtown Kalamazoo , so many businesses — clubs , cafés and other stores — try to cater to our tastes .
Another attempt to reinstate success is downtown festivals .
We have many , and they always attract those from the suburbs .
This disintegration of the inner city is detrimental to the people it affects : the poor and lower middle class .
These neighborhoods do n't get financial support , and money is not spent on the stores near them .
If they could have more money and leave , the majority would .
Shopping malls , strip malls , and the flow of upper - class Americans from inner cities will only hurt those who ca n't escape in the end . In fact , it is already hurting business and lives in the downtown districts .
Hello ,
Firstly , I would like to introduce myself . I 'm 32 years old , and I come from Poland .
The first time I checked this website , I thought it was too difficult .
for me , but today I will try to write something using this .
website .
I chose this subject , but I do n't have any idea what I should write ,
So
Maybe I will try to write you something about myself .
What I do in my life and why I 'm here .
First and most important , what I want to say is that I have
started learning English 2 years ago .
Privately , I work as a firefighter . It 's attractive but also very
dangerous profession .
For me , English is really important , and I feel much better when
I go somewhere , and I can talk with people from a different
country .
I often travel . That 's why , from time to time , I can use English .
The
The second reason why I am trying to learn this language is that I need it .
at work .
I remembered the situation from 2 years ago . Some firefighters from
England visited my company , and they stayed in Poland for two weeks .
We went with them to some kind of socializing event where we
could change our experience with them .
I felt really bad when I could n't team up with the team from
England .
That is why I 'm here . My friend from Poland sent me your address .
So thanks for your help .
Best wishes , Patrick
The advancement in technology has a major influence on transportation systems , and the new roadways are more convenient to travel .
As personal transportation provides more convenient options for people , public transport systems are losing their market .
The market for personal vehicles has become cheaper and safer than before . A major hike has been seen in their growth .
Now , people being more professional are quite keen to save their valuable time by moving from scheduled public transport to private transport , and speed has become a status symbol for car owners , and it is even a better way to ignore public interaction and annoyance .
The new multitasking lifestyle better suits the preference for personal cars , to keep and carry all those things one needs .
Since Maggie 's class won the prize in the basketball game , their teacher took them to a nature reserve to observe animals .
Maggie and her best friends were so excited that they kept taking pictures with animals .
Halfway through the tour , they went to the hippo area .
Fortunately , the hippo mother gave birth last month .
The hippo baby was so cute that Maggie wanted to take a closer picture with it .
However , little Maggie knew that the mother was nearby and it would assume that she was attacking her baby .
The mother ran out of the river and chased after Maggie .
As the teacher saw the scene , she called the staff of the reserve to save Maggie from the horrible hippo .
After a few minutes , several strong men came to shoot it up with tranquilizer darts .
It was so fortunate that no one was injured .
Nevertheless , Maggie sincerely regretted being a trouble maker .
She has vowed to stay away from wild animals , no matter how gentle they might look .
During the 20th century , there have been several worldwide discoveries that have significantly influenced peoples ' lives .
I think that the most significant discovery or invention depends on the individual .
Every individual holds a different perspective of life and what they consider to be valuable and important .
I chose cultural awareness and understanding prejudice and discrimination as my topic because I greatly value all of humanity , and I believe that all people should learn to live in peace .
Cultural and racial equality is a new goal that , as a society , we are striving for .
People have come to realize that racism is almost inherent in today 's society .
As individuals , we are constantly surrounded by racist and discriminatory media language and advertising .
In the past , this type of discrimination , which included Blacks and African Americans as well as other ethnicities and women , was accepted as a way of life .
Few individuals have been courageous enough to challenge deeply - bred stereotypes and inequality , and to demand freedom and equality .
Numerous hidden talents , strong wise personal voices , and the great knowledge and learning that results from human experience and suffering have been buried under the ignorance of our society .
However , today , we are beginning to move in a new direction .
People understand that prejudice and discrimination are not consciously learned but they must be unlearned .
Together as a society , and as a much larger world , we recognize the value of learning from differences .
Cultural differences are no longer being ignored or concealed , but rather , they are being celebrated .
Organizations and forums are presently being held to discover new ways of dealing with discrimination and racism .
The opportunity to learn about the vast world around us is opening up the possibility to study cultural differences . Our ability to reflect on this knowledge ourselves is improving .
Unlearning prejudice may not seem like a traditional discovery , but it is very significant to the development and peaceful existance of all humanity .
As human beings , we need each other , and we need to be willing to accept those who are different .
The advantage of being famous is mainly that you can have more privileges than other people , like entering places without waiting in a queue or even not paying your bill in some cases .
On the other hand , in my opinion , it has more bad things about it than good things .
Everyone can recognize you , so they can bother you to ask for a signature .
So , you ca n't move with freedom anywhere , and you have to hide from the rest of the crowd .
That 's my view .
Hello , I 'm Alisa , a 27-year - old Italian girl . I would like to apply for this job opportunity , as it is my dream to go to the USA .
Moreover , this seems to be the perfect way for me to realise it .
" I think I would be a suitable person to complete your staff . I have already had experience with children . I like to work with them . They are so genuine and fantastic . Basically , you do n't work for them but " " with " " them . "
I adore children and , usually , they love me .
I 'm a cheerful , willing , and educated person .
I speak Italian as my mother tongue , and I have a good level of English and French .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years , and I used to attend a theater course . I have a degree in fine arts as well , so I will be able to easily organize sports and creative activities .
Furthermore , I have a pastry - making degree , and I 'm not afraid to work in the kitchen . Cooking and baking are some of my favorite hobbies .
I hope my candidacy will be considered .
Best regards ,
Alisa
For as long as man has been alive , he has invented things .
Important early discoveries include the wheel and fire .
In a long line of such discoveries , modern man has continuously found new ways to make life easier .
So , naturally , when man invented the washing machine , millions and millions of lives were made simpler .
The washing machine has almost become a necessity in the houses where they are owned .
Should there be a fire in the house , many people might be seen furiously running about in the streets , clutching the machine tightly to their chests .
In today 's society , living without a washing machine , or any other electric gadget , seems to be devastating .
What would a college student do with a washing machine ?
Where would we find the time to handwash our clothes ?
The mere thought of washing clothes by hand causes panic in most teenagers , students , and adults alike .
This modern invention , the washing machine , has put a fear of clothes washing in the hearts of many .
Give an average adult a washing board and soap , tell him or her to do a load of laundry , and watch the panicked look on his or her face .
Thus , it is easy to see that while washing machines , microwaves , toaster ovens , and millions of other gadgets facilitate our modern lives , they also aid us in our modern process of rushing around .
" These " " wonders " " make it easier to spend less time doing manual labor . "
But , is that all that bad ?
Many housewives would insist on its benefits , and I would have to agree .
But the washing machine is just another invention in a long line of inventions that make our lives easier but that do n't allow us to exercise or use our muscles .
" It is no small wonder that in today 's " " modern " " society , as we continuously use our " " modern gadgets , " " we increasingly need diet programs and other such systems . "
Yes , the old days were hard , but was weight watchers ever an issue ?
Nowadays , more and more parents are starting to teach their children at home instead of sending them to school .
This may not be a bad idea at all , but it also has some disadvantages that I would like to discuss .
First , we should take into account the fact that parents do n't usually specialize in all fields of study : even if they have a degree in history , they may not know how to help their children with a mathematics problem .
Besides , staying at home rather than going to school reduces the opportunities for meeting new people and making friends .
This is n't a good thing for children because that way they are n't socializing , and when it comes to the moment of having an interview to get a job , they wo n't really know how to behave .
On the other hand , having the chance to learn at home helps some students that , due to their complicated situations , like an illness , can not go to school like other children .
To sum up , I think that children should study at school if they can afford it , because , in the majority of cases , parents have the same knowledge as teachers .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports of this era ; it is almost one of the most deadly .
During a fight , a boxer may receive several hundred punches to the head , and each time that he gets punched , he loses more and more brain cells .
The brain is encased in the skull , but not only in the skull is the brain but also a liquid ' shock - absorber ' to protect the brain .
Even though there is protective liquid , the brain still gets bounced about against the skull , damaging it more and more every time .
So , a boxer who has been boxing for a number of years , ten for example , and retires , is very likely to have brain damage and it could be very severe or hardly noticeable , but the damage is still there .
Getting away from the long term effects to the short term effects , yes , brain cells are still being killed , but when a boxer receives a very strong punch directly to the face , not only would it damage his nose , eyes , teeth , and general facial features but it could also cause him to enter a coma , hemorrhage , or die .
Another aspect that many people are quite opposed to is the absolutely huge salaries that top - rank boxers receive .
The question that people have is , is that person really worth several million pounds ?
Just for a fight against another top - ranking boxer that may only last a couple of rounds .
Another adaptation of cost is the cost of having so many medical units and doctors at the fight when they could be somewhere more important , where people are n't getting paid to fight .
The major influence keeping boxing going is all the people around the world who enjoy watching the sport . There is an incredibly big demand for it .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports , and it will be difficult to ban it .
Not only does it satisfy the viewers , but a lot of companies also sponsor boxing , which brings a lot of advertisement and capital for them .
A study group is where a crowd of people gather and discuss some topics they choose .
So , if you join a study group , you can understand what others ' ideas are and how they think about this problem .
Also , you can exchange your own ideas with others so that there will be a discussion about it .
Through this discussion , I think we can realize our thinking and others ' opinions more clearly .
Another benefit is that you can seize the opportunity to express yourself efficiently and methodically ; that is , your speaking skills will be improved .
However , why do some people still study on their own ?
In my opinion , I need to consider one question deeply by myself .
Sometimes , too many other things disturb me !
Maybe I will become a person who only listens to others ' ideas and never think by myself if I depend on study groups seriously .
To join study groups is a good way to inspire your learning motivation , but do n't forget , sometimes you have to leave yourself alone and consider what you have learned calmly .
My favorite sport is football . The first time I saw it was nine years ago , and I liked it so much .
It was a game of Chelsea against Bolton , and Chelsea won 5 - 1 .
I got a lot of new feelings because I have never liked it and never watched it before .
I noticed that Lampard was the leader of that team , and he scored two goals in that game .
Now , I have been supporting Chelsea for nine years and I can assume that it was love from first sight .
My advice for people who play is never give up playing and supporting that club , which gives you the chance to play and to be a part of that team .
Respect your coach , even if they is very strict .
You have to put a lot of effort into this stuff if you want to achieve your goals .
You have to be ready to get through a lot of traumas and injuries and problems , which you will meet on your road to succeed .
If you put in a lot of effort now , and are strong enough to get through , you will be proud and have achieved everything that you wanted to achieve .
Dear Thomas ,
Recently , you asked me about a place you were about to visit .
I think there is a perfect spot for you !
In the heart of Katowice , there is an apartment with a specific aura of mystery .
This attic flat had been used as a painting studio by the famous Silesian painter and performer Andrzej Urbanowicz , who died a year ago .
The place hides a fascinating story of underground culture in Silesia .
For quite a long time ( especially in the 60s ) , the studio was frequented by lots of bohemian artists where they could follow occult and Buddhist practices as well as paint some psychedelic pieces of art .
The apartment is close to the famous Andy Warhol 's studio , which was rented back in the 60s in New York City .
" Urbanowicz had made a fantastic place full of rather peculiar yet fascinating things and a Far East atmosphere - there are loads of figurines , paintings , old lamps , carpets , and … dolls , reminding people of those from horror films , such as " " Child 's Play . " " "
Some time ago , I took the opportunity and experienced this magical aura for myself .
" Just for once , the apartment had been changed into a temporary cinema for those who came to see the film by Nina Menkes , " " The Fanthom Love , " " which fitted in with the surrounding area perfectly . "
I must say , I ca n't imagine a better place to feel and see the Silesian history of art , so I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart .
Yours faithfully ,
Patrycja .
Experience is the only thing if you love what you do . Because of this , I have helped you to prepare your concert .
I can say that experience is demonstrated through practice and theory . You have to like what you do . I helped with a lot of love because I admire the job .
I gathered a lot of experience from my expeditions through many countries , and we were DJ clubs , and I felt so good when I saw that many people gather at my concert .
I try my best to make people feel good , have fun with my music ... What I can say is that I truly love what I do , and why I helped you with ease .
I hope you will go and tie and look very well . Send me an email back with your successful experiences .
In my area , I collected all this experience , and I feel a happy man .
Now that I got away , and I 'm a talented artist .
With respect , I welcome friends , and again , I say it was a pleasure to help you !
It is said that boxing should be banned , described as a barbaric sport , it has been known to lead to deaths and brain damage of fighters .
The constant pounding of the head during a match does n't necessarily take its toll immediately , but as a boxer 's career continues , the chances of him having some kind of serious brain damage are fairly high .
Is it right that we watch with excitement as someone is repeatedly battered about the head until they are no longer able to stand ? Does this not have an effect on our general attitude towards violence ? Children are brought up to worship idols such as Frank Bruno , who pummels opponents into a hazy blur .
Should boxing be banned ?
My answer to all of these questions is no .
Maybe boxing is brutal , but fighting is part of human nature , and I feel there is no point in trying to stop people from fighting in controlled circumstances .
Who has the right to tell someone whether they are able to take a chance and face the risk of death ?
If boxing were banned , where would we draw the line — skiing ?
Mountaineering ?
Diving ?
Darts ? I feel it is a human right to be allowed to face the risk of death and a matter of personal opinion whether you want to watch boxing . Boxing is usually on late at night . Children only watch it if their parents allow them to .
I think boxing should be encouraged . In run - down inner - city areas such as Moss Side , boxing is popular . It gives young lads a focus in life ; it gives them a target .
Many of the best boxers come from such areas . In my opinion , they are better off boxing than stealing cars , taking drugs , and shooting each other .
Banning boxing is simply unnecessary . If it were banned , then it would simply continue underground .
This would mean that boxing would become a much more dangerous sport , as expert medical attention and proper match control would n't be ensured ; the use of pads may also be ignored .
The only suitable action would be to increase safety regulations .
Boxers need head guards and better gloves in all fights , or they need shorter fights — to cut down some of the constant pounding .
Gaining entertainment !
Sports have been , throughout history , one of the many entertaining things to watch .
The international survey announced by Sports Watch caught my attention , and I would like to present my life on a plate .
First , most of us enjoy watching football .
Is there ever anyone who does not stop to comment on a new , unbelievable situation happening in a match ?
Even though I am a girl , football is one of the main sports I watch on TV .
My eyes sparkle when I wait for a match - winning goal or when a red card is given unfairly .
The second one would be skiing .
I enjoy this sport and feel a sense of admiration for those who practice it .
For them to be prepared for many obstacles and to chase the time and the finish line is amazing .
You need to focus , to have a lot of energy , and , mostly , to have strength .
Not everyone is able to cope with that , which is something to be recognized .
Are you thinking about what has influenced the way sports have developed ?
I think that tradition remains , even in the 21st century , and that sports differ from country to country .
On the whole , it does seem that watching sports entertains people from all over the world .
When bank notes are made , background color , artwork , and security issues should be designed carefully .
Then , skilled machinists manipulate the preparation of metal plates .
What 's more , printing is a very important step for thinking about sheets , color , special ink , and so on .
But the most important step is inspection .
This step can produce high - quality sheets , bad sheets , or partially damaged sheets .
The good parts of partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched for packaging and distribution with high - quality sheets .
The bad sheets and bad parts will be destroyed for disposal .
" " " Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . " " "
I definitely agree with this statement .
We are all humans .
That means everyone deserves privacy .
It does not matter who we are , even in public life .
Film stars should be awarded sometimes for their patience in confrontations with journalists .
Spicy news about politicians and other celebrities , such as film stars , are most wanted in our daily lives .
The truth is that politicians should take responsibility for their decisions in government and take into consideration the words they say .
It also covers film stars , because it 's one of those things that they are the last word to young people .
In my opinion , there should be some hard borders that paparazzi can not cross .
They should n't hound celebrities who are on holiday , are experiencing family problems , or are experiencing personal problems .
Today 's people are fed on gossip .
We live in the 21st century , so people who decide to be public figures should be willing to appear before photographers and pushy paparazzi who want to poke their noses into public figures ' intimacy by all means .
One of the most incredible 20th century inventions , in my opinion , is the cellular telephone .
Many people buy them to take with them wherever they go so they can receive a call at any time .
They are a complete luxury — not a necessity .
The cellular telephone has changed people 's lives in many ways — the main way being the availability to be reached at any time .
Communication is readily available in cars and on the streets now .
People are able to use their car phones in case of an emergency — if they are stranded or the car breaks down .
They can take their cellular phones on vacations and to their friends ' houses if they are expecting an important call .
To me , it is a bit ridiculous , but lots of people feel like they need this easy access to a phone .
Another way the cellular telephone has affected people 's lives is the accident rate of people who are talking on their car phone .
When someone is concentrating more on their telephone conversation than on their driving , they are more likely to get into an accident .
This happens often when people are in heavy traffic and are not concentrating on the car in front of them .
Therefore , cellular phones also have a negative aspect to them .
Cellular telephones are also very expensive .
They are expensive to buy , to install , and to use .
Whether you are making a call from a cellular phone or receiving a call , it costs a lot of money .
Although most people who can afford to buy a cellular phone can afford to pay the bills !
" The other day I called my father in his office , from Madrid . On his " " party line , " " he was able to connect my sister in Santa Barbara and my mother in Los Angeles on her car phone . "
I find it truly amazing that it is possible to speak with four people at once , especially when one person is in Spain and another is in a car !
It is truly a mark of great expansion in technology .
Each year a new amazing product astonishes me even more .
I am starting to wonder when we will have robots cleaning our houses and driving us around .
The scary thing is that it 's just around the corner !
My most memorable was a trip to Hue with my family .
When I entered university , my parents decided to give me a wonderful trip .
I felt so amazed because my family had interesting memories together .
I had one week in the ancient city .
I visited many sights in Hue , such as the peaceful Perfume River , Trang Tien Bridge , Thien Mu Pagoda , and the like .
Moreover , I understood clearly about Vietnamese history through visiting the beautiful tombs of Nguyen 's Kings .
" In particular , I experienced making a " " non la , " " a beautiful symbol of the Vietnamese people . "
Hence , I know one of the traditional crafts in Vietnam .
Furthermore , I enjoyed a lot of dishes with ethnic flavors .
Besides , I had dinner on animperial boat and enjoyed Nha nhac cung dinh Hue .
It was recognized in 2005 by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity .
I am proud of my Vietnamese culture .
This was an excellent experience for me .
Through it , I had broaden my knowledge of its cultures , religions , customs , and the like .
Specifically , it gave me beautiful emotions and memories with my family .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in reference to your advertisement in the Jornal da Madeira on Wednesday the 14th of February . I would appreciate it if you would send me a more detailed description of your English course .
Could you give me information about the schedule , the number of students in a group , and the tuition costs ?
Moreover , it is important to me that the teachers are native speakers .
I am interested in joining the course , particularly level B2 .
Do you have any vacancies in the group ?
Also , I would like to know whether you will accept the results of my tests as confirming my knowledge or if I will have to take a test at your school .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Nadya Razorenova
My favorite sport is tennis .
In my free time , I like watching it on television being played around the world .
When I was child , I began playing tennis , but I broke my arm and could not continue .
I liked the life of a famous tennis player .
I admire the tennis player . He is a top sports person .
His name is Roger Federer , and he has been the best tennis player in the world for many years .
He was born in Suize 36 years ago .
When he plays in the finals , he always stays calm and has a positive attitude .
He has been the best player since he was young .
He has been playing tennis for 26 years .
He is the kind of person who always plays one to one point .
He has built up a fortune of at least 100 million dollars , and he was the world 's highest paid tennis player .
He has a beautiful family . He has four children : two twin boys and two twin girls .
He had a beneficial organization that helps children .
His wife always follows him . I think that he is a great person and the best tennis player .
Network analyses in political and economic research : Organizations and institutions
1 Basic network concepts
2 . Practical application .
Foresight of the development
3 . Software for interdisciplinary research .
Interdisciplinary network theory can be applied in a number of studies because of its empirical orientation .
Flexibility is achieved by adapting graph theory 's algorithm to a lot of issues .
As a first example , we adapt the methodology and tools of network analysis to the concept of political networks to optimize the interaction of various international actors .
In the second case , we examine the results of network analyses of the university 's partnership .
The university identifies the key areas of its activity that contribute to the development of the territory .
Over the past few years , our monarchy has gone from one scandal to the next and from one disaster to another .
The British public has been made to realise that the Royal Family runs just like any normal family , only with a lot more money .
Many people are now questioning the worth of even retaining the monarchy .
Not so long ago , people thought that our royals were carefree and lived ideal lives .
That way of thinking started to change after the disastrous marriage that brought Sarah Ferguson into the family .
No sooner was she married to Prince Andrew than things started to go wrong .
Public scandal surrounded their relationship , and their break - up represented the start of a downhill run for the monarchy .
Yet again , only recently , with the announcement that Prince Charles and his wife Princess Diana have been given permission by the Queen to divorce , we have been shown that no family is perfect .
Their separation , of course , followed Charles ' affair with Camilla Parker Bowles .
So people say that we should not have a monarchy where they all cheat on one another , and lots of people certainly think that Prince Charles has no right to become king .
Many people argue that we can not afford a monarchy , even though the queen does now pay tax .
This was highlighted by the fire at Windsor Castle , for which the taxpayer had to foot the bill .
I personally feel that we should retain the monarchy .
They are our country 's heritage , and other countries envy us for our monarchy .
They give our country something to feel proud of . Who has never dreamed of being a royal ?
About Me
Hi , I 'm Adal Reuterswärd and I 'm 13 years old ; 14 in January .
I have two sisters , Siri is 11 years old and Lotte is 2 years old . She 's very annoying .
All of us were born here in Danderyd , but we moved here when I was 4 , and we have lived here since then .
Before that , I think we lived in Sollentuna or something . I 'm not sure .
I love skiing , which I do 2 - 3 times a week , sometimes 4 .
But only in the winter , of course . I also dance on Mondays , and then I do some practice at home , and I play the guitar .
Otherwise , I love to paint and I watch a lot of TV shows , like Pretty Little Liars , The Vampire Diaries , Glee and more .
All of them are American , so I 'm kind of used to it , so that 's what I like to say .
My favorite is The Vampire Diaries . It 's the most exciting , but the next episode comes out I think October third , so I have to wait till then .
I have visited Paris a couple of times , and I really like it there .
My grandparents live there , but they are n't from France , they just moved there .
I do n't know why , it 's a nice place I guess .
They moved there with my dad and their other daughter , my aunt , when dad was like 14 or something .
My favorite book , I think , has to be all the Harry Potter books . I read them a couple of years ago and after I read the first book we watched the first movie and then the same thing with the second and so on .
I 'm thinking of reading the books and watching the movies again because I barely remember anything .
But I remember thinking they were so exciting and after I read the last book I thought I would never find a good book again .
Which I did , but none quite as good as Harry Potter .
I like to listen to a group called Skyscraper , four boys from different places in Sweden , and I like Lucy Hale , an actress from Pretty Little Liars , who has released her first album .
My favorite song of hers is the song called Road Between .
I also like Ariana Grande , and I 'm listening a lot to her new album .
First , transport is a very important means in our daily life . We will talk about what the gradient of transport means .
In the past , the only transport was riding horses and camels and donkeys and there were no mechanical means . But riding animals is more safely means than means these days , as there is no vehicle exhaust , which pollutes our public atmosphere , and these animals ' dung is useful as fertile materials for the farmland .
Transport evolved gradually till we reached bikes and carts , then to cars with engines .
Today , all people use engines in vehicles like motorcycles , cars , trains and planes .
Well , these means are much faster than the last means , but these means pollute our atmosphere .
As vehicles exhaust our hearts , affect our breathing , widen the ozone hole , cause a lot of noise and cause traffic jams .
But people are n't concerned with these dangers and they are concerned only with their luxuries and comfort . I think that there is no new meaning that will be invented .
People are satisfied with engines like cars .
One of the most significant inventions of the 20th century has to do with the speed at which information is now communicated throughout the globe .
In fact , all improvements in communication have had a profound effect upon the way in which people live their lives .
If I were to choose the most frequently used and influential invention of the field , it would have to be the television .
Through television , news and information can be graphically displayed at the very same time that it is happening .
This simple fact has changed in many ways how we live , and in a way it has , and continues to shrink the planet we live on .
There are , however , several downsides to the television , and , like all inventions , it can be used in a useless way .
Not even truly dealing with the amount of television that is watched by the average person , there are several other important ways that television has changed people 's lives .
One interesting development has been the use of television in wars .
The Vietnam War was the first time that U.S. citizens were able to really see what it was like to be at war .
This was one of the factors that led to much of the protesting .
We are also able to see for ourselves what is happening around the globe , and this has led to public concern and effort , for instance , in Somalia .
Of course , the radio was already able to transmit the sound , but the arrival of the picture had even more significance .
The greatest effect that television has had is that it has made smaller dimensions of the planet .
Gone are the days of unknown and unheard of areas .
Television is able to bring any part of the world into your very living room within a matter of seconds .
It is also a very influential and powerful device in that it is the easiest way in which to communicate with populations .
There are many who feel that it can be a harmful thing , and this is true .
It is also used in ways that can desensitize one 's sense of what is actually being portrayed because the picture itself is not real .
Either way , however , that it is used , there is no doubt that it has been one of the most significant inventions of the 20th century .
The truth is we are all different .
I ca n't speak for others , but in my experience , I would say it is a good idea to take a year off after high school .
First of all , because probably most of us do n't know what to do with our lives , or we just do what other people told us to do , especially our parents .
Second , because it is healthy to travel and get to know new cultures and new traditions .
But you can do other stuff , like work or save money for college or a new business .
Also , if you have worked before , you will have more experience than others , which gives you a plus .
You will become more independent and more conscious of life in general .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He had to escape as fast as he could .
The police alarm could be heard in all the streets .
So he knew that the police were near .
Michael threw the knife he had in his hand into the bush in front of the house .
He ran faster than ever .
Suddenly , he heard some dogs barking .
At that moment , he started feeling really nervous .
He hid under a big car and waited there .
He was afraid and worried about what had happened .
He did n't want to kill his ex - girlfriend .
But Michael had no choice .
Anne had broken up with him for something stupid and irrelevant .
She deserved that .
After a few minutes , he saw someone getting into the car where he was hiding .
If he tries to escape , the person will see him .
Before he could do something , the car started , and it was too late to leave .
Television is a subtle magic box that enlightens our lives .
From the screen , audiences can raise their awareness of events happening around the globe .
Or they can find themselves experiencing a spectrum of emotions that they might not experience in their daily life by watching different movies .
Truly , television symbolizes a dramatic advance in entertainment .
Nevertheless , it can also be billed as a means of education .
Nowadays , when people mention education , our mind pictures us sitting in front of books with teachers or computers by our side .
Most books are an inch in thickness .
And each side of it is filled with black and white images followed by colorless descriptions .
Only by using our mind can we imagine the objects or ideas described in it .
Televisions , on the other hand , offer a much more colorful learning experience by merely using a screen .
Items had been categorized according to their attributes .
Theories and models try to consolidate with each other to explain a variance in the world .
For television , however , objects can be expressed in a real - life manner .
Audiences are able , through observation , to understand the variety of their surroundings from time to time as well as the correlations between matters .
They are given the whole picture and process of our environment , not a photo .
The lack of natural light in the workplace has become a serious problem as more people complain about their bad relationships with others at work and the poor performance they have . Therefore , using inadequate lighting is the main reason for it .
First of all , not using natural light in the workplace can deteriorate , in a small but considerable way , the health of employees , and this is because the neon lights can affect the eyes and can also lead to headaches if they are used for a long period of time .
As a result of suffering headaches , workers have more chances of feeling nervous and anxious , and their performance at work might decrease .
Secondly , as a consequence of being in a bad mood , there is the possibility of having a lack of cooperation and not being able to concentrate and focus on what has to be done , which also affects productivity and development at the workplace .
In conclusion , there are many reasons supporting the need for employees to have access to natural light while doing their jobs , as the lack of it can have negative effects on both people and productivity , so it should be taken into consideration and a solution should be found .
Hello Jo .
I 'm glad to hear from you .
I 'm really happy that you are coming here next summer so we will be able to catch up .
You must visit Venice , the city on the water .
You should find backpacker hostels that are cheap and comfortable .
You have to walk or take a ferry to visit the city because cars and buses are prohibited .
After a week spent here , you should take the train and reach Florence , a beautiful city rich in magnificent buildings .
If you like art , you must visit and spend one day in the art gallery , which is full of amazing pictures .
If you like the sea , you should spend almost three months traveling in southern Italy . It is really breathtaking .
You can travel by car or by train .
The work is not easy , but if you have previous experience as a waiter or housekeeper , you can find a job in a resort or hotel in the summer .
You should send an email with your cv as soon as you can to all the tourism employment offices that you can find on the ministry of work website .
If you have other questions or need more information , do n't hesitate to contact me .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Love
Silvia
Fame is an asset for every celebrity .
Broadly speaking , being famous is being well - known , and effort is used to achieve that popularity and to be recognized instantly on a TV screen .
It may seem that the image of a person lives a separate life from the person who created it , but that is not actually true .
There are several reasons why the image overlaps with its creator .
One is that usually one and the same actor represents one and the same character in a succession of films , so that actor blends with his or her character .
Sometimes a reverse of the situation occurs , where an actor becomes memorable for a particularly successful role in a film or play and becomes associated only with that role .
In short , actors become associated with their roles , and it is not easy for them to change their well - known image even in everyday life .
Regarding other socially oriented celebrities , other issues arise .
For politicians , keeping a high profile is essential because they are known in conjunction with their actions .
As for journalists , it is essential to appear in their programmes to become recognizable .
Overall , these celebrities use their visual image as a brand for what they do .
To sum up , the attention given to a celebrity is a good sign for him or her , and it means that this person really is famous .
Regardless of their will , they will be pestered by some journalists and their lives will be in the limelight because people want to know about their lives — that is how being a celebrity works .
81 Buenavida Road
Spain
June 25
SUMMER CAMPS
44 Victoria Avenue
USA
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to inquire about your summer camps in the USA .
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about them .
In addition , I have a few inquiries .
First , do you accept graduates ? I recently finished school , and I would like to be an assistant teacher in an educational program in a developing country .
Also , I am a babysitter .
I finished my formation last year .
For this reason , I love children .
And I am very patient and chatty with them .
For this reason , I would like you to let me take this job .
Moreover , I practise a few sports . I am a really athletic girl .
I wonder if you could tell me when this job starts and finishes .
In addition , another motive for choosing me is that I have been working in a restaurant for two years .
For this , I hope you will count on me to work in this job .
I hope you will take me .
Finally , please find enclosed my most recent CV .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Ynes Durán
Today , most people think that after - school sports clubs are necessary .
However , advantages and disadvantages are connected with it .
I present it in my essay .
I ask my young friends for their opinions on after - school sports , and some tell me that they are good and some that they are not .
In the first place , I must say that when young people take up sport , they are certainly healthier , more athletic , and , of course , fit ; so if you want to be fit , you should take up sport .
Disadvantages of taking up sport include , for example , that if you get injured , you ca n't be active and your weight will quickly increase .
Second , when you are exercising or playing , you experience an adrenaline rush and you feel excited , so you are self - confident , which surely effects your relationships with other people .
Unfortunately , you have a shortage of time to study because you spend time at the gym or pitch .
Another important aspect is that you will be a person who ensures a good team spirit , but when you are in a team , you might also argue sometimes .
All in all , I still think that after - school sports clubs are a good idea .
In my class , most students say that sports are great .
Healthy and young people
Young people are less healthy now than twenty years ago , according to studies that have appeared recently in newspapers .
One reason for this is that young people prefer playing video games to playing outdoors because it 's more popular or , for example , that they are n't used to playing football with their parents in the street .
Moreover , young people eat too much junk food , and they 're less willing to play sports , which require more effort .
If I were a politician , I 'd encourage people to exercise outdoors , and I 'd build a sports centre where you would n't have to pay .
In my opinion , junk food should be more expensive so that people would n't buy so much of it .
When you start exercising , you soon feel better and you ca n't stop .
Kaplan outside area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to discuss how Kaplan College should spend a large amount of money to improve its outside area .
Build a garden
All Kaplan students know that behind Kaplan 's building is a useless place where the college can spend on building a nice and beautiful garden .
This place is useless for everyone , so it would be awesome to invest in a garden , which all the students could use to relax in their free time .
Food and Drink
The college needs to invest in some nice and healthy restaurants around Kaplan , because many students have been complaining about the food and drink that they have to buy at school or in the surrounding area .
I heard a student saying that the area around Kaplan has only junk food restaurants .
They should spend money on some nice , healthy , and cheap restaurants outside the area of Kaplan .
Recommendation
I recommend spending a lot of money to build a garden and some good restaurants around Kaplan College .
These improvements would increase the quality of students ' work .
These would have a beneficial effect on all students .
Personally , I think people 's lives will change no matter what we do .
And there is nothing we can do about it .
But what we can do is decide whether that change will be for the best .
It sounds very easy , but it is not .
We do n't make changes . Changes are the result of the decisions that we make . Changes are the consequences of our actions .
And one of the biggest changes that we can see nowadays is how blind we , humans , are about everything that surrounds us .
We go through our daily lives so lost in our minds — thinking about expenses and personal issues — that we do n't take notice of what surrounds us .
We do n't notice other people . We do n't communicate with each other .
We are lost in our minds , in our cell phones , and in our earphones .
And this is a consequence of our bad use of technology , which fifty years from now will lead to another big change .
It 's like a vicious chain .
Fifty years from now , people wo n't know how to talk to each other .
We will lose our social abilities .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is to explain what the most important aspects of the environment are in my city .
BACKGROUND
Treviso is situated in the north of Italy , and it was ruined during the Second World War .
CHANGES
After being rapidly rebuilt and renovated , Treviso has become a modern city .
It is easy to reach by rail and air ; there has been an increase in the population thanks to the growth of industry , and all these matters have exacerbated problems concerning the environment .
DEVELOPMENTS
People interviewed at the front doors of the main public buildings , such as the town hall and schools , have stated that they feel , on average , happy about how the diligence dealt with problems involving the new aspects of the town — in particular , regarding the following subjects :
Air , light , and noise pollution : about 80 % of citizens declared that they felt very satisfied with the management of these problems due to the fact that in the center of the city , cars are not permitted ; public lights are powered by solar panels , and , moreover , the mayor has signed an agreement with the union builders that obliged them to construct public parks in every area with one thousand people .
Recycling : all families are provided with three litter bins in which they have to recycle rubbish , and at school , children are taught about the subject from primary school onward .
CONCLUSION
Treviso can offer a high standard of life , and people are aware that the result of this aim is something to achieve together .
A historical place in Sweden , I would say , is the royal castle .
It 's in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It 's big , it 's beautiful , and it has a lot of history .
The royal castle was rebuilt in 1697 , after a fire .
It was n't in use until 1754 , and it was n't finished until 1770 .
Since then , not much has been rebuilt .
On the inside , there have been some changes and modernization to fit the royal family , and there has been some painting on the facade .
Some museums have been added , and the royal castle is now a very popular tourist attraction .
I have personally never been there , but it would be interesting to go sometime .
An invention of the 20th century that I feel has significantly changed people 's lives is the cash machine , or automatic teller machine .
I can not comprehend how difficult it would be without this convenient access to money in emergencies or cases in which money is needed .
It is also a convenience that helps to save time , which was very important to working men and women of the late 1900s .
This machinery also permits you to do your banking when you wish rather than during the assigned banking hours .
People may argue that ATMs will take away employment in banks , but we must also focus on the positive aspects .
ATMs appear in all areas of the world .
In the United States , for example , you can find machines in stores , movie theaters , parking lots at shopping malls , and banks .
On many occasions , I have either forgotten my wallet or not had enough money at the grocery store .
This is when I really appreciate my ATM card .
Another advantage of the card is the danger of having large quantities of cash in your home or wallet .
This entices robbers and can promote danger .
All in all , I feel ATM cards are an excellent invention . The convenience has proven itself in many circumstances , and I do not know what I would do without my card . The development of computerized technology has enhanced our environment by providing convenience and time - saving activities that reduce the stress of our everyday lives .
The Amazon lava lizards are pretty hard to see .
When you see one , it has probably already seen you .
I noticed in the field that the big males are more conspicuous than the juveniles — the immature males and the females .
The adult males seemed to always be in the same place .
However , I ca n't confirm that they were the same males in the same places .
The smaller individuals had a tendency to run away quickly when they noticed someone coming .
Also , they commonly go back to the same place just after they flee .
The lizards can stand still for a long time , making few movements ( usually with their heads ) .
The big ones showed more communicative displays , such as head bobs and push - ups .
The boardwalk was the only point where I saw multiple animals interacting with each other .
In other places , when there is more than one animal , they stay away from one another and do n't interact .
The animals that used the boardwalk were more exposed than the animals in other places .
The animals that I observed among the vegetation were usually sheltered by dense shrub or bush vegetation or on bromeliad leaves that had spikes along their edges .
The distance needed to cause these animals to flee was longer than that needed to cause the boardwalk lizards to flee .
" " " I feel like I should tell her the truth and beg for her forgiveness , " " Mark said to Michael . "
Their friend Jenny was going to be out of town for a few days , and she asked Mark to take care of her cat while she was away .
" He agreed to it , but he did n't really pay too much attention to the doors of his house being properly shut , so the animal escaped . " " "
" " " Jules is nowhere to be found , " " he sighed . "
" " " I 'm just going to buy her a huge flower bouquet and hope she does n't take it too hard . " " "
" Michael , however , thought his friend was overreacting . " " "
" " " I 'll fix this for him since he 's too stupid to fix it himself , " " he thought . "
He went into the first pet shop he found and bought a Siamese cat that he thought looked identical to the one entrusted to Mark .
" Dear Jenny , Sorry I 'm having Jules delivered to you , but I 'm busy and ca n't drop him off myself . "
" Love , Mark He wrote on the card accompanying the cat 's cage . "
The next day , there was a loud thumping on the door .
It was Mark , and he was furious .
Did you really think that Jenny would n't notice that it was n't her cat ?
And how dare you use my name on that card ?
Now , she does n't want to talk to me ever again !
" " " And neither do I ever want to talk to you again ! " " he shouted , as he quickly made his way off the porch . "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A film I want to recommend for our student club is Captain America and The Winter Soldier . It has a lot of adrenaline and emotions .
This film was released on the 13th of March and it was a big success .
Using a global positioning system ( GPS ) is popular in the modern world , although a GPS does not work that well in areas where the GPS signal is interfered with .
Consequently , indoor navigation using GPS is not that good .
This paper aims to propose an alternative method to GPS to be used in indoor environments .
The method developed in this paper uses only the position of the wireless access points , ( WAPs ) and the signal strength ( RSSI ) recorded by the user in order to calculate the position of the device .
Since today 's computers and cellphones contain all the required hardware , future adoption of these methods would not only be easy but also cost effective .
One of the methods proposed in this paper usually gives the user a position that is about five meters wrong .
Therefore , this method can not be used when a more precise estimation is needed .
However , a weighted average of these three methods together with different similar methods might enhance the accuracy .
At the beginning , it is worth thinking about what the phenomenon of shopping is .
Some people claim that shopping gives them a lot of pleasure .
Recently , I met an example of a woman who maintained that spending money helps her to calm down .
Yes .
In my family , there are five people : my dad , mum , older sister , and younger brother .
All of them always talk , share , and support everything for me .
They are not only my family members but also best friends .
When I was a child , my dad or mum usually took me to school by motorbike . I have beautiful memories of those times .
They bought for me all nice things that were useful for studying , and made me interested in studying .
" When I got a bad score , they did not blame me , instead they always said : " " we count on you , " " Thus , I never felt scared or worried when I did the wrong thing , and that made me so confident . "
I often tell them my story before I go to sleep , like how I made friends with boys in class , how I got over a dog on the road , etc .
But after growing up , I was not so close to my parents . I did many activities outdoors with my siblings , such as exercise and travelling .
In that time , we get over all problems and get more understand each other .
So now I am overseas and I always think about my family as my best friends ever .
Hi , dear Hanna .
Last summer I worked at the cinema . It was a very good experience for me . I enjoyed it so much because I met a lot of people from different countries and cultures . I worked there for about three months and the pay was satisfactory . In the cinema I learned a lot name 's films what I do n't hear before my colleagues it was very kind and friendly and after we finished our job still we are e good friend and spent time together going out for drink and sometimes for dinner .
I hope next year to do the same job because I love it and hope to do it again .
" In the future , public transport will no longer be required as " " owning your own vehicle " " will become very common . "
The justifications behind this are :
1 . Advanced technology reduces the costs of manufacturing and maintaining an automobile to a very affordable level .
2 .
Recognizing transportation as a necessity in daily life , governments will provide subsidies to their residents who can not afford to own a car .
Under the future social welfare scheme , a person who is earning an annual income below a specific threshold will be provided a car at no charge at all ; in addition to that , all the related maintenance costs such as gasoline , parking , insurance , and tuning will be reimbursed by the government .
3 . There is no need to get a driving license to operate a car .
With the assistance of advanced global position system technology , we can just simply voice input the place we would like to go to , and the car will automatically take you there at ease .
" When will the day of " " no public transport " " come ? "
We can not tell at this moment , but one thing is for sure : technology keeps changing our life and mode of living .
The airport of my city is not very far from my home but , at the same time , it is not easy to reach the city .
The more comfortable way is to have a private car with which it is possible to take the highway and then the direction to the center of the city .
My home is close to the central rail station and the most important bus stop in the metropolitan area .
As a second option , there is a railway service from the airport to a secondary rail station .
Here you have to get off and then to take a bus , the number 25 , with which it is possible to get to the center of the city from where I can reach my home by foot .
Another possible option is to use a taxi service , but , in this case , the cost of the journey is the most expensive of all .
The two best choices to return home from the airport are to use a private car or to use the railway airport service with a very cheap service : I spend a bit of time and more money , but the journey is nice and comfortable , like the same trip with the private car .
I am a blonde girl who loves all sports , but my favorite is basketball .
I enjoy this sport because it is very dynamic , teaches me many things , such as being polite and very responsible and , above all , it is a group game and I love working as a team .
I would like to give one piece of advice to someone who wants to start doing this sport : that is always work as a team , that is not only think about yourself , always think of the best for the team .
The doorbell rang .
Imagine my surprise when I opened the door and saw that my brother 's foot was covered in blood .
I was really upset .
He came in , and I helped him .
I told him that he must go to the hospital to take care of his foot , but he did n't listen .
He was afraid that if he went to the hospital , our parents would find out about this .
I asked him how this happened , and he told me that he fell off his motorcycle .
That 's when I realised what was going on .
He did n't want our parents to know because his godfather had just bought him the motorcycle . Our mother was against it , but he kept it on the condition that he would be really careful .
I told him that we had to go to the hospital , even if that meant that our parents were going to take his motorcycle away .
He understood that he had no choice , so he agreed .
I called my mum and told her everything that had happened .
She came over to our house and took my brother to the hospital .
I was really worried , but hopefully everything was alright .
The pie chart depicts the different proportions of fuel types that generate energy in Florida in 2007 compared with the forecast for 2017 .
Overall , it is clear that natural gas is the main energy generator for both years , while renewables and oil come at the bottom of the list .
For example , the energy generated by natural gas increased from 38.8 % in 2007 to 54.4 % in 2017 .
Next comes energy production by coal , which accounted for 29.3 % of the energy market in 2007 , followed by a drop of 5.6 % in the forecasted year of 2017 .
As for nuclear , although it represents the third of energy generated in Florida for both compared years , the trend here is upwards , reaching 15.9 % at the estimated period .
In contrast , there is a significant drop in energy production for both oil and other sources across the two years , from 6.7 % to 1.1 % for the former and 11.1 % to 3.4 % for the latter .
As for renewables , the decrease in fuel generated over the period is less dramatic .
According to the text , there are some reasons to explain how Venus shines so bright .
In addition to these reasons , in the passage , there is information about Venus 's temperature , and the listening passage can refuse some information that is expressed in the text .
Some questions are done during the listening to expand the information about this planet .
How can Venus be so hot if it is recovered by thick white clouds ? It should be possible , should n't it ?
There is another doubt about this high temperature : there is a planet closer to the sun that is hotter than Venus , so it is n't hot because of its close location .
The most amazing question is how can it be hot in a place that sulfuric acid prevents the sun from entering ?
The listening passage could link the information in the text , offer some questions , and give the answers to get the reader more curious about the topic .
There are many problems facing both road and rail transport in the UK .
The most talked about issues concerning roads are probably congestion and safety .
Congestion is most apparant around the major conurbations such as London , Greater Manchester and Birmingham .
The simple way to solve this problem would be to either build more roads or make the present ones larger .
However , for example , Newbury has been met with strong opposition from environmental groups and local residents as seen in recent events , .
Another way to reduce congestion , especially in the large cities , could be to persuade people not to use their vehicles at all .
Introducing schemes such as the ' park - and - ride ' scheme and encouraging people to use bicycles would certainly reduce the number of cars on the road .
Safety is often talked about as a priority factor concerning roads .
Too many accidents occur because of dangerous driving on busy roads .
There are several ways to combat this problem .
Although the legal limit for drinking while driving has just been increased , lowering the limit by several units would deter many people from using their own vehicles and encourage them to use public transport .
Increasing the amount of law enforcement , giving the police more rights to make arrests , increasing the number of speed cameras , and giving larger fines could also be effective .
Cutting the national speed limit may also encourage drivers to take more care .
The condition of roads is often a local issue rather than one of national concern .
It is therefore up to local councils to maintain their roads better , especially in winter .
This may require local councils to obtain more money from the government .
Safety is much less of a factor for rail transport .
Here , the major talking point is efficiency .
It is often noted that trains are delayed and rarely run on time .
Because of this inefficiency , many rail customers are turning to other forms of transport , mostly cars . However , for long - distance journeys , flying is an increasingly attractive option .
A large amount of blame for this inefficiency goes to the actual trains , which are , in most cases , out of date and slower than modern ones such as the French TGV or the Japanese bullet train .
The train tracks can also be blamed , as they are often in a state of repair , which inevitably delays trains .
It is hoped that the recent privatisation of British Rail will bring in more up - to - date trains and increase the overall efficiency of travelling by train in a bid to attract more customers .
The author in the reading part thought technology brings us more comfortable lives .
The author took some examples : one is that we do n't have to eat raw meat nowadays because someone discovered how to use fire . The second is we do n't have to live in caves anymore .
However , the professor disagrees with the author .
She thinks technology does not make us better , but it lets us be worse .
She said technology brings us weak relationships with family and friends .
Then , it makes our circumstances worse because it causes a lot of pollution .
Finally , the professor suggests that we have to reduce using technology .
If we reduce using it , we will have good relationships and the best environment .
Apparently , the author did n't notice the bad influence of technology .
In this essay , I will put forth and briefly break down the controversy involving problems related to zoos .
As a controversial topic , there are arguments for and against it .
These depend on the point of view that each person might take and the argument they will give .
It is very likely that animals in zoos suffer from not being in their natural habitats , being stared at almost all the time , and not having the space they require to live comfortably nor the natural peace they need to live .
Furthermore , it is also important to state the fact that animals live in groups , but in zoos , their numbers are limited .
Nevertheless , for society and especially for children , it is very useful to have the possibility of going and experiencing a visit to a zoo .
If it were not for zoos , it would be practically impossible for the majority of the population to know wild animals .
This experience provides a wide range of possibilities , not only for children but also for adults , such as vets , scientists and anthropologists , too .
All in all , it would be difficult to make a fair solution , or provide a solution that would deal with the opposite sides of the topic in question .
Personally , I think safari parks would be a solution in between these opposite sides ; it would provide a better quality of life for the animals and would be educational as well .
First , what is the European Union ?
It seems to have two distinct forms , one of which seems to worry the British public more : the Political Union , followed by the Economic and Monetary Union .
In fact , these issues have become so heated in Great Britain at present that they have led to many disputes within the present government .
They also appear to be one of the major reasons for the resignation of Mrs. Thatcher .
In losing her , have we not already lost a part of our sovereignty ?
" Europe is forcing change upon us as we have been attempting to stand back , " " not letting socialism in by the back door " " , instead of playing an important role in positively affecting the decision making processes -- or in the European Community . "
Great Britain can not afford to play a minor role in a two - speed Europe , especially in the present time of recession , and this has manifested itself in the top governmental disputes .
So , a loss of sovereignty seems inevitable , whether we like it or not .
On monetary and economic union , I do n't feel that we have much to lose ; on the contrary , I think that we would benefit enormously , especially in light of 1992 .
If the issue were presented in a more positive light , perhaps with some modifications , I am sure that the British public would agree .
After all , how long has it been since we lost our sovereignty to the follies of the international stock exchanges of New York , Tokyo and Frankfurt ?
Will losing our sovereignty to Brussels or the Bundesbank make much difference ?
" Did not the " " Big Bang " " in October 1987 send shock waves worldwide , with share prices plummeting ? "
World processes are continuously becoming more and more interlinked , the effects of which often see no physical borders .
I therefore see this European unity as a natural process in world development , something which should be made easier rather than hindered .
Can we really afford to play for time by dragging our feet ?
The issue of political union is still more disputed .
Yes , we have a Queen , and what would happen to her -- would she be forced to abdicate and be succeeded by King Jacques Delors ?
" This is a very typical misinformed and ignorant statement posed by certain British " " patriots " " . "
There are five other monarchs in the European Community and their statuses , to a large extent , will not be greatly affected by any such union .
However , there is true cause for concern about Brussels ' bureaucracy , which rightly worries the British public .
This situation must be changed to rid the Council of its secrecy and to transfer greater power to the European Parliament for a more democratic system .
This will mean that everyone will have a fair say in what goes on , something which must be guaranteed for such independent thinkers as the Britons themselves .
An answer to the British reservation on European unity , which I find most plausible at present : a federal union that would ensure decisions , where possible , would be made at local levels .
This , if properly carried out , would enable us to keep our cultural identity -- the ultimate element of our sovereignty .
Dementia is a kind of normal disease for the elderly population .
And it is difficult to be cured by humans , so robotics is used to help them .
In this case , this monumental research reported that :
Social commitment robots are designed to promote therapeutic interactions through
communication and social interaction .
The therapeutic use of robots attempts to
reach out to people affected by dementia and may provide an alternative mode of
engagement with this population .
( Mordoch et al . , 2013 , p. 15 ) .
In addition , these robots offer benefits to patients that are associated with personal interactions , enabling them to be happy and relaxed .
Especially in Japan , they are keen on using robotics to care for an aging population . The reason for this is that home care and hospitals can not allow animal - assisted therapy .
Unlike Japan , in North America , people prefer to use animal - assisted therapy , so there is less use of robotics .
I 've been a member of the Active Leisure Club since 7th April 2013 , and I 'm really pleased with your letter because it means that you care about your customers .
What I really appreciate is the staff qualification , particularly for the fitness courses and their punctuality .
This aspect is really important for working people .
I have to congratulate you on the cleanliness of the environment : everything is always perfect , I often see showers being sanitized and people do have respect for every common space .
I also have some suggestions .
It would be really useful to have some hair dryers in the locker rooms ; this way , people could have a complete service and could arrive at home relaxed or ready to go out .
Another service that could make you competitive with other centres would be having a massage room . After any sport , it would be nice to have a personal massage therapist who takes care of your tired body !
Anyway , I 'm really glad to have a leisure club in my city that helps me keep fit !
Thank you for your interest .
To whom it may concern :
Mary James
Mary James and I met at Marianista School .
We went to secondary school together and we have been friends for five years , so we know each other very well .
When Mary was in secondary school , she proved herself to be a brilliant student .
She was not only competent , but also hard - working , and that was reflected in her high grades .
Nevertheless , she was not boastful . In contrast , she would help other students who had difficulties with the subjects .
She was appreciated by students and teachers because of her kindness and her willingness to help .
Mary is extremely loyal to her friends .
She is also caring and supportive and she knows exactly what to say when you are going through a tough situation .
Moreover , she is a very enthusiastic and energetic person , and whenever she sets an objective , she accomplishes it .
When Mary was a student , she was very self - demanding and wished to do everything perfectly , and , as a result , she was sometimes overwhelmed .
However , as years went by , she managed to handle those situations , as she learnt how to organize and do her tasks in a more efficient way .
Mary was always interested in British culture , and , therefore , she studied English for several years , and she has read many books about Great Britain .
As she has finished high school , her intention is to pursue a career , and she is looking for an opportunity that would enable her to achieve her goal as well as develop her English - speaking skills .
It is clear that the post you are seeking to fill would suit her undoubtedly , and I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours faithfully ,
Jeni Jackson
Would you like to find out the best place for our last dinner ?
Firstly , we must look for a restaurant special for groups , because we are a large number of people .
If we go to a normal restaurant , we will dislike the treatment .
I am sure there are some restaurants where we would be able to go .
I am going to explain what is my favourite for this special occasion .
I suggest ' Pomodoro ' .
This is an Italian restaurant , which is located in the city centre .
Both characteristics are most important to me .
First of all , this kind of food ,   such as pizza or macaroni , is liked by most people .
Also , the location is perfect because we can arrive easily by walking or by bus .
After dinner , we may go to some discos or pubs .
Besides , this restaurant has delightful decorations .
It seems you are sitting in a Roman theatre .
The waiters are from Italy , so they may talk with us in Italian , which would be very useful for practising this language .
In conclusion , I would recommend this restaurant .
It is the ideal place for us , a big place , delicious food and the location , of course .
Nowadays , film stars , musicians , politicians , and models live in the limelight .
Some of them want it , and some of them are less enthusiastic about being at the centre of attention .
Journalists often follow them all the time .
In my opinion , celebrities have a right to a private life , as long as they do n't tell everything about themselves in the tabloids .
First of all , everyone has a right to privacy .
Being a famous artist or politician is an unusual job , but still only a job , and after the job , everyone wants to have their own life .
On the other hand , being a superstar , it 's almost impossible to have a private life .
Well - known people are frequently in touch with their fans , and the public know them very well .
In my point of view , everyone has a right to privacy with no exceptions .
Journalists who follow celebrities just cross the line .
The paparazzi often exceed the limit of privacy .
We do n't have to know everything about them , for example , the hair condition of some actress when she was shopping .
Superstars also deserve to have their own life . No one deserves to be followed or spied on .
Colombia 's army is a good stereotype for other armies in Latin America , even other armies of the world .
Even so , many Colombians do not know the hard work of their soldiers day by day , which must be done for the only purpose of protecting our lives and guaranteeing democracy for all of us .
Therefore , it is necessary to know why the Colombian army has this distinction .
First , the military forces of Colombia have 438.700 effectives , being the largest army in Latin America , followed by Brazil .
On the other hand , the Colombian army is regarded as one of the best armies in the world due to its internal conflict that keeps the soldiers in action and constant training . Even in Colombia , they are training other Latin American armies from Africa and the Middle East . Because of the anti - terrorist war , the Colombian armed forces has developed for 40 years and has strengthened in a masterly manner by its preparation , intelligence and modern tactic aids .
Second , it is necessary to highlight some of the work done by our army in the anti - terrorism struggle , such as foiling terrorist attacks , neutralizing explosive devices left in urban areas and rural areas , preventing the recruitment of children , creating medical brigades for helping farmers , and the most importantly , offering their lives if it 's necessary to protecting each and every one of us , even without knowing us .
Finally , I could say that the hard work and the good image of the Colombian army just reflect our wish to live in peace .
Likewise , all the Colombian people want to achieve their dreams in a peaceful way , without weapons or fights between brothers , and this shows the world that the Colombian people are brave enough to fight for peace .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Sorry I did n't answer your letter earlier .
I was really busy because of the organization of the next concert .
By the way , your VIP tickets wait in the drawer of my desk .
As you asked me , I 'll write something to you about helping with Kokon 's concert , which took place last month .
It was a huge challenge for me because I was responsible for almost everything .
Just at the beginning , I had a problem with the owner of the pub .
He was n't convinced that we 'd be able to sell as many tickets to pay for the pub .
He did n't know the band and was really skeptical about it .
But , you know , where there 's a will there 's a way , and at last , I won him over .
When he came to the pub an hour before the concert to see how things were working , he was just speechless with surprise .
His pub was full of people ( as never before ) .
I did n't tell him that even though Kokon is quite an underground band , it has so many fans !
His face expression almost killed me when I saw it .
It was a mix of outrage because of the crowd in his pub and happiness because of the money they spent on beer .
And how about the concert ?
It was incredible .
Although I had to take care of everything , I had a great time too .
We are planning the next events with the Kokon 's leader .
I 'll let you know about concerts coming up this month .
Just tell me when you are going to come back to Bytom .
Kisses ,
Wydra
She started her life with so many problems , and after every sad period , she discovers that she has the capability to continue .
However , the most difficult thing from her perspective was when she was exposed to losing someone . She had lost many people in varying circumstances , but she never became used to the feeling of losing someone , and she was pained each time just like the first time .
She experiences travelling , and she attempts to leave behind everything that causes her sadness . She tries to keep away from politics , and removes military and weapon - related images from her mind , but humans ' blood chases her .
She was writing about each important event .
I think that , nowadays , most people use little public transport .
I understand that cars are more comfortable and safe to travel in and to make short trips . However , they are more dangerous for the environment .
People in some countries use different forms of transport , such as bikes or trains , to get to the city .
Scientists around the world are investigating genetic manipulation due to its wide variety of benefits .
Genetic engineering is , however , a very raw issue , and there is a lot of resistance to this work , especially regarding the suggestion of using it on humans .
The trouble is that , although a scientist may think he knows a lot about a particular area of study , and indeed he may , there is still so much that we do not know about about areas of study like genetics , so there is a great fear of the unexpected .
And , indeed , this fear is justified .
When we consider the horrific effects of the nuclear holocaust , I am sure there are many who wish it had never been discovered .
But are we right to blame the scientists who first started the research and who had no idea that it would be used as a weapon ?
We can argue that surely the scientists must have had the greatest realisations about the uses for the discovery , both good and bad , since they are the experts on the subject .
But are we right to blame them ?
Let us consider that they have discovered a cure for cancer as a result of genetic engineering .
It is against human nature to stop at this stage and ask , should I introduce what could be the greatest medical discovery of our lifetime when I am not 100 % sure about its consequences .
Can we expect a scientist to bear this additional burden for the whole world ?
In truth , it is unreasonable .
Genetic engineering is developing rapidly and has already been used extensively in plants and bacteria , notably for the production of resistant strains of plants and in the production of human insulin .
Now , the natural step forward is to apply this knowledge to treating common genetic disorders , like Down 's Syndrome .
There is a lot of resistance to this as well as fears that we may manufacture mutants or that somebody may produce an army of superhuman clones .
Some of these may seem a little far fetched , but it is conceivable that , in 100 years ' time , we may be able to decide the characteristics of our child , including whether he is a great piano player or a sportsman .
It does not seem morally right to be able to make these decisions . Certainly , anyone who is religious would see this to be interfering with the ways of God and as something to avoid at all costs .
A great scientist can not see into the future .
He can not guarantee the moral repercussions of his discovery nor the long term effects it is going to have on the world .
If he is doing research for what he considers to be a good cause , who are we to criticise him when we know far less about it ?
Provided a scientist 's work has been permitted and is public , I feel it is unjust to hold him responsible for what the world will make of his work .
To avoid continually writing he / she or his / her , the scientist in this essay has been referred to as ' he ' .
I hope no offence is taken from this .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to the invitation to share my experience about making a hard decision , which appeared in the July issue of your English - language magazine .
As a 19-year - old student , I gained familiarity with this topic while deciding which course of study to choose .
First of all , I strongly believe that making choices is always risky , as people do not know what the exact result will be .
Like most adolescents , I was at a total loss when the time to decide what I wanted to be in the future .
In despair , I applied for two courses of studies that did not resemble each other at all , which made the choice between them a lot harder .
Knowing that not only was this choice a fundamental decision , but it was also one that would influence the rest of my adulthood , I looked for help regarding what to focus on at the moment of making my decision .
As time passed by , I had to attend more and more classes .
I could not cope with such a busy timetable and , consequently , I was exhausted and stressed .
A decision had to be made before I dropped out of both courses of study .
I bore in mind the pieces of advice that I was given , and chose what made me happy despite not having the approval of some of my relatives .
I am convinced that stark choices are unavoidable , but in order to not regret the consequences they might have , whether positive or negative , people should choose what makes them happier .
However , I have not taken for granted the fact that my decision will not make me regret it .
If this were the case , I know that I always have time to start again .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I think choices have to be carefully considered before being made .
Even though this does not assure the results .
I look forward to following subsequent articles on related issues .
Yours faithfully ,
Vilma Rossit
There are many standards by which success and hard work have been measured and rewarded in the past .
In earlier times , people had the lifestyle of fending for themselves .
They were not afforded the many luxuries that have become commonplace in our present society .
Because of differences in personalities and ambition , I feel it is vital that , in today 's society , men and women should be financially rewarded for their individual efforts .
In a society , each person has the same basic needs for survival .
Long ago , the quest for fulfillment of these needs took up a majority of each person 's day .
In order to feed your family , you had to plant .
In order to live , you had to build .
To have clothing , you have to sew .
Each hour of each day was devoted to meeting these needs .
Even in early times , the harder you worked , the more food , shelter , or clothing you gained .
This is a very simple support of reward equaling effort .
In the present time , we are reaping the benefits of advanced technology and expanding knowledge .
We have many machines to help us meet our food , clothing , and shelter needs with little or no effort on our part , it would appear .
Persons with great technical minds are using their talent on the job and paying someone to do their labor .
However , just as in earlier days , the harder you work , the greater the reward .
" Let 's imagine a society in which all men and women were treated equally . "
If all basic survival needs ( and even wants , for that matter ) were provided regardless of the effort put forth , I would venture to guess that we would not be as advanced a society as we are today .
Competitiveness and jealousy would set in , and fights would occur .
Worst - case scenario : the world would become divided or even destroyed because someone was sitting on the sidelines and not doing their share .
We would not have motivation to develop our talents and abilities and to use them in a way that benefits others .
Our society would become selfish and grasping , and our culture would suffer .
It may be a pessimistic view , but I feel that it is a very real view to say that we would become lazy and stagnated people .
Life is about rewards .
It is about learning where you are and how you can move yourself to the next level .
Each of us is measured daily by some scale of achievement .
Effort is vital to success , and motivation is the key to effort .
Some are content with needs ; others want more — much more !
Our system of rewards is money . But is it really about money ?
I do n't think so .
It 's about meeting needs ( and even wants ! ) and how much one is willing to give for the opportunity to attain something better .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name 's Ciprina Pires , and I am 17 years old .
I 'm writing to you because I have seen the advertisement for the job at the summer camp in the USA and I would like to apply for the job .
I like to work with children between 8 and 12 years old because they have energy for everyone and might understand some of the activities that we coordinate for them .
Normally , I like to organise activities for others , and they might be interesting and different .
I like organising evening activities more than other ones because they are more exciting .
Recently , I have been cooking for my family , and I love it ; I would love to cook for 100 people .
I can speak English well enough that all people can understand me . I 'm energetic , hardworking , and cheerful .
................
Yours sincerely ,
Ciprina
The impact on modern biology was enormous , and , for this reason , in 1993 , the inventor was awarded with the Nobel Prize for Chemistry .
For this invention , Mullis received a bonus of $ 10,000 from the company he was working for , but in a short time , the rights to use the process made the company 300 million dollars !
Television is , for many people , the main way to spend free time .
Children spend , in a day , more than one hour watching television .
Parents are worried about what their children watch because they think that their children do not learn anything — that TV only entertains their children .
It is far from reality .
If we choose the correct programs , they could inadvertently teach us a lot .
There are a lot of documentaries about the environment , animals , the human body , etc . , which are very interesting and entertaining .
Cartoons can be put into English or other languages to improve them .
TV can be used to leave the mind blank or fill the brain with a lot of useful knowledge .
Now , the stone is on their roof .
Plastic bags are banned in the city .
The town council is planting more trees .
Solar heaters have been introduced in the houses instead of water heaters .
Rainwater storage systems increase water levels .
Human waste is properly handled by the town council .
Governments are encouraging people to use public transport instead of cars .
Bicycles are more environmentally friendly vehicles .
LED lights have been introduced to reduce electricity usage .
Change is always good .
It is widely accepted that change is an essential motor of progress .
In fact , for many people , without changes , humankind would live still as in prehistory , without fire , wheels , or even comfortable houses . We would live in caves , would n't we ?
We would eat only what our men would hunt .
We would wear animal leather .
Oh !
What a ridiculous drawing !
But , in my opinion , the problem is more complex .
" Conservative people , for instance , are usually reluctant to change because , in general , they are afraid of changing — probably because they prefer bad but sure things . "
In addition , if you take a glance at history , in spite of times of revolution usually being traumatic , humanity tends to improve after them .
The question is , if convulsion , violence , and wars that often need to be done really worth it ?
It is often said that public transport is bound to disappear since most people seem to be pleased to use their own car for nearly every journey they take .
This might be true for the majority of people .
Sure enough , if asked , most people would say they prefer travelling by car to using public transport . Travelling by car offers many advantages .
For instance , you can decide exactly the time you want to leave , and the place you want to leave from .
You do not have to share your journey with anybody if you do not want to and you can get to the exact point where you want to be .
Everything about cars seems to be an advantage .
So , why does public transport still exist ?
To begin with , because not everybody can own a car .
But even if everybody could , it would be a nightmare to try to get to a big city , such as Barcelona , by car .
I do not think there would be enough space for so many vehicles , not only to park but also to circulate on the road .
Moreover , the level of pollution would be so high that I doubt anybody could survive it .
The future
The problems of this plant are increasing every day and people ask themselves : What will the future be like in 30 years ?
We think that the world will be destroyed .
First , many kinds of plant species will become extinct , 90 % percent of fauna will be endangered .
After that , food will have become insufficient to satisfy society 's demands and people will be dying of starvation . Diseases will be more common and a lot of people will die due to epidemics .
An appreciable part of society will have been diagnosed with cancer .
Living in an egalitarian society , people will be collaborating to save the world . We will be using robots to clean the planet , scientists will be designing special clothes to avoid radiation , and people will be using oxygen tanks .
Life in our current society is divided by social status .
Poor people will be living in the trash and rich people will be living inside of spacecraft .
There will be wars in order to get water .
Once you become famous , you will definitely know the taste and the price of fame .
There are many people in my country who think that being a famous person , to some extent , is a blessing .
Such a person is known to most people within national or even international rate .
Some believe that there are many advantages to being a celebrity or widely known person , though there are a number of disadvantages as well .
First of all , many local and world - known celebrities claim to have no private life .
Being famous means that probably most of your life , journalists , your neighbours and ordinary people will be interested in your life .
Most of the time , it is impossible to avoid this kind of attention .
People are curious and they admire their favourite stars ' lives by reading magazines , watching TV or surfing the Internet .
Moreover , such yellow press columns with the title ' celebrities ' hit selling records , giving huge benefits to publishing companies .
Millions of people are able to buy magazines with celebrities on the covers , although some photos give the readers some ' additional ' , and not the most pleasant details .
People are interested almost in everything : articles about break - ups , drug abuse , young celebrities , questionable relationships , or even special ones with naked celebrity photos .
This is more than sharing some of your private life details . Most the press look for scandals and their aim is to uncover the most intimate secrets .
Second , being successful and famous also requires the person to be good at his or her job .
The ' star ' is followed not only by the public eye , he or she is also evaluated by producers and future employing companies .
There is no doubt that celebrities work hard to achieve fame , better and more desirable jobs , including high salaries .
The majority of celebrities have their personal managers , who take care of their image .
So , even if you are rich and famous , it does not always mean that you will be able to live and act as you would like to .
Fame has another side . There are strict requirements for actors , singers , etc . , which appear as they sign contracts with the companies which provide their jobs .
Attending some events or parties may be a necessity and depends not always on the wishes of a celebrity .
Also , it is said that fame spoils people and they struggle with their personal problems , only it is even more difficult to help them , than for any ordinary person .
Sometimes there are cases when the lack of a private life leads to more serious issues .
We all know that some well - known people become engaged with illegal activities , start using drugs or alcohol , as well as join some mysterious religious groups .
Sometimes they even become suicidal just because they can not live under the constant pressure .
Even if being in the public eye is not always very pleasant , there are a number of advantages why it is worth sacrifing a little of your private life .
Going deep into the public entertainment world , which is definitely rewarding , gives you a lot of benefits .
Most celebrities do not work all their lives , although the money they gain during their careers ( sometimes it is a very short period of success ) allows them to live without any worries .
Giving away some personal life details , while you are famous , may bring you fortune .
For example , many celebrities sell their baby born photos to magazines , as they offer enormous sums of money , in order to get a tiny glimpse into their family life .
Moreover , being a famous person means that you are able to influence other people , especially the younger generations .
By setting a good example , celebrities may become idols and inspire other people to live and help others who are in need .
Donating money to charities , as well as being involved with volunteering projects , is one of the things you can do when you are wealthy and famous .
To summarise , fame comes with many disadvantages , as well as it has a number of advantages .
Celebrities have different experiences .
Their lives seem to be glamorous and they look gorgeous , though you will never know what is under the ' beautiful and sparkling cover . '
Shopping Online
Currently , with the internet having penetrated our lives , shopping online enjoys great popularity among us , especially for young people .
Although some deny shopping online for the virtual of the internet , I , unhesitatingly , am hooked on it .
First of all , we enjoy more convenience and time - saving by shopping online .
For example , time and space could not be taken into account if we shop online .
Since we want to purchase something , we can shop online .
As is well - known , there is no shutdown at online stores .
In addition , walking for a long time and distance can be avoided if we shop online .
Because once we place an order , the merchant will dispatch the goods immediately .
Meanwhile , it 's easier to buy quality and inexpensive goods through the internet .
Thanks to displays of the customer 's feedback and the merchant 's reputation on the webpage , we can value the goods directly and pick out the goods , to some extent , from the vast range of goods that we are eager for online .
Finally , shopping online plays an essential role in our lives because of its convenience and flexibility .
In other words , shopping online does really perfect our lives .
I believe that it will be more wholesome and guaranteed with the optimizing of the network market .
Dear USA Summer Camp ,
I want to have this job because I like children , being outside , and I am a person who works a lot if it is necessary at night .
I am very good at organizing activities suitable for children . Also , last year I went to a campsite that taught me how to prepare activities for children and taught me how to work with children .
Last year I went to cooking lessons . I learnt how to prepare food suitable for children , and I know how to prepare desserts for adults and for children .
I 'm a nice person , and I am funny and sociable with children .
At the moment , public transport is used , but many people are starting to travel much more using their own cars instead of traveling on public transport , which , in my opinion , is better to use .
One reason for my opinion is that we can fit more people on a bus , train , railways , etc . , than in a car or on a motorbike , so we pollute less because we use all the same vehicle instead of each person using one car or one motorbike that will pollute much more ; as always , things have a price , but there is a question that must be asked : is it worth paying to save our ecosystem or even our lives ?
I think so , and besides , it is much cheaper than buying a car and will use less petrol per month . Another reason I prefer to use public transport is because I have to adapt to a schedule , so I would not be late getting to the place I want to go . Besides that , bus stops have codes that can be used to see when the next bus will come .
To conclude , public transport is much better than using a car or a motorbike , but people ca n't see it .
Terrorism is the use of fear and acts of violence in order to intimidate societies or governments .
Many different types of social or political organizations might use terrorism to try to achieve their goals .
It is difficult to define terrorism .
Terrorism has no official criminal law definition at the international level .
Common definitions of terrorism refer to violent acts that are intended to create fear ( terror ) ; are done for a religious , political , or ideological goal ; and that target civilians .
Some definitions now include acts of unlawful violence and war .
The use of similar tactics by criminal gangs is not usually called terrorism , though these same actions may be called terrorism when done by a politically motivated group .
Best friends are meant to be forever .
In that sense , family will be there with us forever .
But , what if they are not that close to you ?
What if they always keep you pampered ?
Of course , you will feel irritated , especially when you are a teenager .
Family protects us and cares for us , but it is irritating if they do the same when you grow up .
They should give some space for themselves .
When you are a child , you love to be with your parents and love hanging with them around . Once you come out of your childhood , you feel the same about your friends . You consider them as your everything . Keep in mind that only family will be there for you in the worst times .
I think they changed since there are more and more fat kids everyday .
Portugal is one of the European countries with more fat kids , with a little higher number of fat kids than Spain and Ireland .
Eastern European countries are the ones with less fat kids . Maybe this is an influence of former communist rule .
When you do n't have anything to eat , you do n't get fat and , consequently , you do n't get filled with diseases that are common in fat people , like diabetes .
That 's the only , although unintended , upside of communism over capitalism .
Although it would be amusing for me to continue to slag off communism , let 's not go there .
The topic is eating habits , a thing that is always eradicated , alongside health and prosperity , when communists gain power over countries .
Bang !
Nowadays , in my country , people eat a lot of the same unhealthy food that people eat in the rest of the Western countries .
We used to eat a lot of codfish , the stereotypical Portuguese food , and we still do , but now we also eat a lot of fast food , and that 's part of the reason we have so many fat kids .
When I was a kid , 15 years ago , kids were slim .
When I entered the first grade , there was n't a single fat kid in the class .
Today , 32 % of kids are fat .
In the time period of just 20 years , we became one of the countries in Europe with more fat kids .
So yes , eating habits have changed dramatically in my country , but we may get back our good old slim silhouettes after our - probably - new government , a coalition of socialists and communists , takes office .
Food . Everybody loves it . Some people also hate it : those who ca n't control themselves and suffer the consequences to their health of overeating .
A lack of self - control is a very sad thing .
Fortunately , I do n't have that problem .
I 'm lacking inspiration to write , but I will try because I have to .
Eating habits in my country .
I already talked about the fat kids who eat shit that makes them fat .
Shitty food is trendy in my country , like I said , but that 's true for every European country , like I also said .
But I guess it is better than eating roots and animal corpses , like our hominid ancestors ate millions of years ago .
Hunter - gatherers thousands of years ago ate roots too , but they did n't have to eat rotting flesh because they hunted animals , like the first half of their name suggests . I know I really look like an idiot by writing this kind of thing , but that only proves that I was telling the truth when I said I 'm lacking inspiration .
I 've been reading Milton 's Paradise Lost , first because I wanted to read it for its literary significance and second because I want to improve my English , and reading it is a good way to achieve that goal .
I 'm only in the first book .
It 's excellent work , of course .
I thought I would have trouble comprehending Milton 's English , because , you know , it is not English you hear from the average and comtemporaneous English speaker , but it turns out it 's much easier to read than I thought .
I find Shakespeare harder , although , with a bit of a fight , I manage to get it too , but not always , at least for now .
Dear 230 year - old me , I am only 15 now . I have n't lived enough .
I am just a kid , and I am not yet complete . I have a lot to discover and to shape in my life .
I have no idea how I am going to get there . I am now in my bed studying for my tests tomorrow , but I guess in 215 years from now it wo n't matter .
I really wonder how it feels to live that long . Are n't you bored of living ?
Do you ever wish you were dead ?
I bet you have a God complex , and you must feel powerful .
But do you ?
Or perhaps you feel weak , vulnerable , dead inside , and lost . You have lived for so much more than anyone should .
Of course , living like this must have consequences . What is it like in your head ?
How do you look ?
What do you think of yourself ?
Are you happy about what you have become ?
What have you done ?
What is the price of being you ?
Did you really give up everything to have what you have ?
Do you ever regret it ?
Do you feel lonely ?
What are you doing with your cold heart ?
Is there anything capable of unfreezing it ?
I dreamt of you , you know ?
We were in a forest , the sun was at the top of the sky , the birds were singing , and I could hear the sound of the water falling . It was a heavenly place , it was beautiful , and then you were there behind a tree . You did n't say a word , we just got closer , you were looking into my eyes and so was I , and then I put my right hand on your cheek , and in that moment I felt you , your skin , your soul , and your existence .
And it lasted for a few moments . It was magical .
I guess we are going to meet only in one place , in Heaven . We are not supposed to know each other on Earth .
Not in our miserable mortal lives , it does not matter anyway .
I felt you in that dream , and I would not change it for a thing .
I felt close to you .
And somehow , without even meeting you , I fell in love with your existence .
And it kills me tongiht that I will always have love in my heart for you , forever .
I will weep for you my love , day and night , and even the time when my eyes wo n't let my tears slip away , my heart will always do it .
Reckless , pretty and wild
I hated that the teacher was Clara .
She taught history in 2º E.S.O. She has short , brown , curly hair .
She always had a ponytail .
Clara was serious and bossy .
She generally shouted at everyone when she taught a lesson .
Clara was worse than Pilar , my teacher of English .
Pilar was kind and fantastic with children .
" The school " " Valle del Ambroz " " is a small place . "
It is a small building located in the centre of the village .
Classes are small , and there is a pavilion too .
The quality of teachers was good , although teachers explained very poorly because students were not told very well .
I sometimes hated them because they did n't see the effort that we made to approving exams because we were so psyched for it .
The other reason why I hated was difficult because they had exams , and they were also demanding .
However , I have a great memory of all my teachers because they helped me pull it off .
I I dreamed that there would be a chance for me to make a trip around the world . There are many ways to travel from one place to another , but I prefer doing that on a boat or a train ... because on a boat or train , I easily feel the wind on my face or my hand . I can hear the sound of birds above me . On a plane , you can see only the blue sky and nothing more ... it is a strange idea for me to be between the earth and the sky , so I prefer traveling in a boat or a train .
Not only does public transport have a future , but it also deserves a bright one .
Despite the fact that travelling by car may be more comfortable , we must all be absolutely conscious that public transport ought to occupy a prime spot in our future movility .
Otherwise , the future of Earth might be in danger .
Indeed , if we , as a civilised society , were aware of the problem of the greenhouse gases that are then and again expelled into the atmosphere , we would use public transport much more often .
In this way , air pollution would be reduced as a consequence of the use of buses , trains or the underground , all of them public means of transport that can avoid the massive presence of particular cars in our streets and roads .
Apart from cutting down on polluting gases in the atmosphere , the safety of our roads would improve , as there would be fewer cars circulating throughout the country .
Both effects would combine to offer a healthier environment , in which our children could grow up safely .
On top of that , there is no excuse to not use public transport , as it has remarkably improved over the last few years .
Nowadays , it is almost possible to access any place at any time by public transport , erasing , as a result , one of the main problems that public transport used to have for its potential users .
So if we are determined to preserve our beloved planet and make it a better place to live in , a definite good start would be to leave the car in the garage and take the bus .
" The last film I saw was not new . In fact , it was " " The Others " " . It is the best horror and suspense film that I have ever seen in my life . "
It is set on a small English island , and it is situated in 1946 when the Second World War finished .
A crazy woman is waiting for her husband .
She has the total obligation to protect her children because they are allergic to light .
Recently , in the mansion , three new servants appear , Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Strange things happen in the mansion .
At first , the little girl ( son of Grace ) , Anne , hears and sees these strange things , but her mother and Nicholas ( his brother ) do n't believe her .
Anne mentioned all the time to her mother about the strange things that she saw , and Nicholas started seeing them too .
Time passes , and all in the house starts to feel these strange things .
At this moment , Charles ( the husband and father ) returns to the house one day but disappears for another time .
One day , all the curtains in the house disappeared , and this was serious because children were sick , and they could n't receive sunlight .
I would recommend this film to anyone , because the story seems to be real .
The movie has excellent sound effects and transmits epic sensations .
As we discussed before the project was launched , that two - domain structure causes some problems and inconvenience both in management / maintenance and in collecting analytics ( Google , etc . ) .
Thus , using a single - domain structure seems better , if it is possible to develop the site in such a way ( in combination with Wordpress , CMS and custom code ) .
Now , it 's time to draw the line at all the considerations and take the final decision ( with SCHEME included ) .
To ensure the relationship between members of the same species , the movements of the procession are specific to each , and the female selects the one that is best .
Both mates performed movements to show a submission behavior and reach a copulation .
Before I start this pretty obvious presentation , I would like to tell you my own opinion : well organized , good scheduling , and wide - route transport - this is one possible way to move in the city .
So , the pluses of a private car : you are sure of the strangers , and you are the master of your route .
Avoid wasting time on several stops , and you can reach your goal ( work place , shop or even suburb ski club ) much easier and faster .
And the above arguments are about your own car : this is expensive , not ecological , and you have to take care of your car ( parking , repair , insurance , and cleaning ) and have to find a lot of money to get a car .
Thus , the flexibility or the price is the main question .
As soon as the problem of the price for own car possession would be solved , the sooner the question of public transport necessity will be raised again .
Many people believe that public transport 's future will not exist due to an incredible increase in new means of transport sales : sideways , electric cars or bicycles .
For this reason , people wonder if normal means of transport could disappear because of this new transport tendency .
I am completely sure that public transport is the best option to get in the city for several reasons .
First of all , and taking into account the financial crisis , public transport , like the bus or underground , is the cheapest way to travel or even move in your own city .
Overall , you add not only the petrol price but also the maintenance , services , insurance and pay a few expensive taxes .
In addition , everybody knows that there are more people on a bus than in a car , so consequently , pollution produced is less .
By contrast , it is true that many places do not have good communication , and it could take you quite a long time to get there .
But imagine if everyone had a car , nobody could arrive on time to their work .
On balance , public transport is the best option to get by in the city .
But maybe , if communication between villages and bus time tables improved , public transport could be even better .
Since we had a lot of success with this invention , I started to have some fantasies of other high tech portable inventions I could create .
I started imagining some type of synthetic textile slash fiber that does n't get wet when water touches the surface .
This could be really useful for the military because sometimes they have to work in the rain and their hands and body get wet , and it 's uncomfortable .
To do this , I had to alter the gravity of the water when it touches the surface , so instead of the material absorbing the water , it could have a reflection of it .
At first , when I applied the chemical onto the material , it became very rigid . Therefore , it was uncomfortable to use , and it had very little mobility .
I used a fraction less of that chemical and put it in the clothes to see the results of this minor change of volume on the secret substance I was using to make water have a reflection on a cloth for military and other various purposes , such as using it in a rainy day and replacing the umbrellas , could make a difference .
If this invention was able to work , I could forthcome a lot of success and money . I suspended the cloth again to put the substance on it to see if this time it could work well . I could foresee that if my partners found out about my invention , two things could happen : they would be proud of me starting to create and develop some new innovative ideas that could make big progress for humanity , or , they could get really mad at me because I did n't tell them about my project , and because we are on an ongoing project that is very successful , they could be very disappointed at me for trying to do another creation while we are still growing this invention that we created about six months ago with a lot of hard work .
I am a native Russian speaker and freelance translator specializing in technical marketing .
I provide English to Russian translation and cultural adaptation of websites , manuals and user 's guides , press releases , technical and economic materials , workshops and training programs , multimedia presentations , etc .
I have a sense of style in my native language , which means the target text will sound appropriate .
A strong technical background allows me to convey an idea of how the device works to the general public without diluting its value for professionals .
I have been working as a full - time freelance translator with the largest Russian and European translation companies , such as Neotech , Logrus , ABBYY , Wessex Translations , and Imprimatur .
I was engaged in a wide variety of projects for the different industrial sectors , including translations of product brochures , specification sheets , event materials , and promotional and marketing translation , translation of dealer portals , translation of training , user and dealer manuals , and translation of websites .
Over 10 years of total marketing and sales experience in several auto tire , parts and accessories companies gave me the opportunity to get on the inside track and learn the automotive business from the inside out .
I have gained valuable experience in brand management , client and media relations , promotions , product marketing and training , etc .
I was responsible for a variety of marketing and e - commerce functions , implementation of retail - oriented marketing , advertising , and product programs .
Additional consultation and iterations are included in my service in order to give you an opportunity to provide feedback on the translation and to receive a revised translation amended to the exact requirements of your customers .
There 's no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
When you travel by car , you can have more privacy , and you can go anywhere , anytime .
It 's more expensive but has a lot of advantages .
Public transport is good for the city but personality is terrible , you need to wait and you do n't have many directions to reach your address .
Do n't have much comfort and sometimes you have to go without a seat .
Many times , travel by bus is delayed , and it arrives crowded and then wastes time on all stops .
People are different , and they are always different . No matter how much time passes , people are different , and they like that .
Maybe poor people have the possibility to buy a car as well . If it costs a lot of money for them , they will buy it .
It 's a question of freedom and is a conqueror of humanity .
No matter whether the changes made to public transport , traveling by car is and will be the best choice for the future , with more choices and not being so rigid and compact but flexible , fast and convenient .
My favorite sport is yoga , a fantastic sport .
I like yoga because it is a relaxing sport , when we can work our mind and our body .
Yoga helps you to have greater flexibility and works your concentration .
Yoga helps us to live relaxed and accept life as is .
It allows you to work the organism by stretching techniques .
Yoga has many benefits - emotional , spiritual and moral - that we should learn to be better able to deal with the situations facing us on a daily basis .
The advice I would give someone starting this sport is to relax and enjoy the maximum of what yoga has to offer you .
According to Lunde , 85 % of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Yes , statistics from SC do support this thesis .
These tragedies illustrate the power of frustration on the human body .
People who murder others probably did n't go into the situation wanting to murder the other .
The person 's frustration led to anger and aggression that just got out of control .
Even small things such as getting in the way of someone 's goal can lead to frustration , which leads to aggressive acts of murder .
These tragedies also illustrate the flippancy with which we Americans view murder and other forms of violence .
Through exposure , perhaps we have been desensitized to violence .
The media also play a part in this flippancy .
When a character is shot , they often appear in the next scene .
Kids , in particular , are n't forming realistic schemas regarding violence .
The media also desensitize men to sex crimes , leading to more rapes .
We , as potential parents , must instill in our children -- future presidents , doctors , teachers , and even murderers -- a true picture of aggression and the need to control it .
Racial prejudice is not as pronounced as it was 30 years ago .
It is actually appearing to decline .
This is evidenced in , for example , cartoons and TV shows , as racial minorities are not publicly stereotyped .
Attitudes regarding desegregation have also changed , perhaps as a result of the psychology of inevitably and cognitive dissonance .
Perhaps through the media and other sources , some misconceptions are being cleared up and more realistic information is being provided to the public .
I would suggest that he focus on either the similarities of his ideas and opinions with that person 's , or that he genuinely consider presenting his opinions and then converting to the other 's opinions .
He should also appear competent , but not perfect ( the pratfall effect ) .
He could , at first , pretend to think negatively of her and then gradually evaluate her more positively ( gain - loss theory ) .
The client should appear as attractive as he can without using his attractiveness to manipulate her .
The client can hope ( particularly if he is of average or lower attractiveness ) that she has moderately low self - esteem and will thus be less selective in her choices for dates or friends .
The client should also disclose personal info .
to the client to induce her to like him .
This advice can be backed up with research .
It would be better for the client to ask a favor of the person . Because of this cognitive dissonance , the other would view the client as being generally more favorable .
In discussing sensitivity , the author emphasizes the importance of being sensitive to one 's own feelings , thoughts , and the effects of one 's own behaviour on others .
Only when this is accomplished can he become sensitive to others ' feelings .
Sensitivity is a necessary component of effective communication .
Confrontation can make one more sensitive to one 's own behavior and how others interpret it .
One should be sensitive to others ' interpretations of one 's behavior so that one will know better how to act .
Michael arrived home at 5:45 pm .
He went straight into his room with a furious face .
He sat down on his bed , screaming .
After that , he began to smash his things .
His mother heard the noise and decided to see what was going on .
She took the stairs and went into Michael 's room .
She saw things lying everywhere .
She asked him why he did it .
Michael , instead of answering , shouted at her .
He and his mother had a clash about something .
Awhile later , she left the room , leaving the door open .
At that moment , Michael began to calm down .
He thought about what he had done , and let out a sigh .
Michael closed the door , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Genetic manipulation is an area that has caused a great deal of controversy within the scientific field and has a number of advantages and disadvantages .
One of the main advantages is the ability to tailor other organisms ' genetic makeups to humanity 's needs .
The possibilities are endless . A crop could be designed that would grow in the dry , hot conditions of many Third World countries , relieving them of their worries of starvation .
Cattle that are more efficient at converting plant energy to body mass could be bred . Even diseases could be killed off by altering people 's resistance to them .
Of course , to some extent , genetic manipulation already exists .
Racehorses are bred from certain combinations of parents , and gardeners cross - breed plants to suit their individual needs .
However , there is much opposition to the process of genetic manipulation .
The advantages seem very favourable and I 'm sure that a scientist would take credit for them .
But would they accept the blame if they caused one of the many disadvantages of genetic manipulation ?
There are many possibilities for the misuse of this process .
One is a question of ethics and morals .
Is it right to try to change the motive ?
Is it the right of one person to play God ?
It is also possible that we would not be able to control the new organisms that would be created by genetic engineering .
A new plant that has an increased growth rate may seem like an answer to all our problems , but what would we do if it suddenly upsets the ecosystem , draining the soil of its nutrients and not allowing other plants to grow ?
In theory , a scientist should take responsibility for this , but in an area such as genetic manipulation , about which we do not know a great deal , it is not possible to find a solution .
Another problem would be the testing process .
We are already near the stage at which it is possible to test people 's genetic makeups to find the possibility of their developing certain illnesses .
Soon , it may be possible for firms to employ people only with a certain expected lifespan or for insurance companies to refuse to insure certain individuals on the basis of a genetic test .
Although the threat of the Cold War has diminished , the technology made available from studies into genetic warfare could be dangerous in the wrong hands , particularly in the area of germ warfare .
Although scientists can take credit for the developments and improvements in the quality of life that their research brings , there are many disadvantages resulting from the misuse of this new technology that they would be forced to take responsibility for .
I 'm so sorry I was too late sending the e - mail .
It nice to hear from you .
The first days of the month of March were terrible because I had a cold then a toothache for about 2 weeks .
Now I has healed over .
We are fine .
I 'm doing my job and studying for master 's lessons .
In the first semester for my masters , I have been studying these lessons : thin film fabrications and applications , theoretical physics , and diffraction methods . Theoretical physics is a little bit boring .
I am also studying raman spectroscopy .
I am glad the weather will be warming from -4 to +2 degrees Celsius .
The problem is that I do not have enough time to learn English .
It 's bad .
I 'm confused but I know only one thing that I must do : study English .
It has been long discussed that people always learn big lessons from mistakes .
Some people think there is no room for mistakes in daily life , work , or even in their family .
However , I certainly consider mistakes to be necessary steps in our learning experience .
I am going to tell a real story about Michael to prove my viewpoint .
Michael was a six - year - old child who lived in the lovely countryside with his parents and his newborn little brother , Tom .
In this small countryside , Michael received his parents ' love , attention , and passion .
Nonetheless , things changed when little Tom was born . Michael suddenly lost all care .
He felt deep despair and tried with all his might to get back concern that belonged to him .
In a zoo in the south of France , millions of species live .
This place is visited daily by many children and adults that live in that country and in another country .
One day , some friends from the city that this zoo is in decided to stroll along the river , to have a picnic , to play football , and to have a good time together .
They were on holidays .
Suddenly , while they were playing football and eating a sandwich each , Max saw a little lion that wanted to attack and get all of his food . Although it was tender to see this situation , Bob was a little scared .
Max was very fond of the animal because he thought it was very small and very playful . Otherwise , he and his three friends would never have approached the animal .
It was dusk in the warm summer of southern France when they saw two security men walking toward them in the great zoo of this city . We looked at each other and said that the animal had escaped from the zoo .
Finally , the starry sky and full night , and each one in your house .
" He was very exhausted and said , " " What an amazing day ! " " "
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
I 'm so glad to hear you are coming !
You have no idea how happy I am .
In connection with your question , I 'll try to tell you how you can reach my house .
There are three possibilities .
First , you can take a taxi , but I have to warn you about taxi drivers .
They 're sly boots , and they could ask you to pay more than they really cost .
Second , you can take the bus .
Unfortunately , our buses are n't comfortable .
And the last alternative , and I recommend this one to you , is my car !
I 'll wait to collect you at the airport , and it wo n't cost you anything .
Since you are asking about the best places to visit , I 'd suggest visiting a few places , such as Oxford , London , and Piccadilly .
These places are really pulchritudinous !
I 'm sorry I wo n't be able to accompany you on your excursions , as I do n't have much free time and need to complete my assignments .
You 're lucky because museums and galleries are not too far from my house .
You can go to one of the most famous museums in the UK , such as the British Museum .
I recommend seeing the galleries in the Royal Academic of Arts and the National Portrait Gallery .
I 'm certain you will not be disappointed !
I had never felt so nervous before in my life because it was the first time I had been on stage and singing in front of such a big crowd .
How could I possibly know that some months after that day I would be performing for the president of our country for even more people ?
As I walked towards the stage in this hall , feeling every eye piercing me , there were several things running through my head .
I thought of losing consciousness , having a heart attack , or even worse : being called a bad singer by somebody from the audience .
At this point , my knees started wobbling , and I felt as if I was standing on pudding .
Whenever I flashback to these seconds , which felt like hours , I have no idea how I really managed to get on the stage , but somehow I finally found myself standing there and in slow motion grabbing for the microphone with my hands shaking like an earthquake had just happened .
The moment had come .
I inhaled and could almost feel the air widening my lungs .
I opened my mouth , tried to calm down and to bring all my concentration to the first note which ... didn't come .
Well , it did but not noticeable to anybody .
So I tried again , and suddenly my attitude changed from the mouse who was nervous like hell to the woman who loved singing and sharing it with the world .
The melody started to flow , and I was happily filling the hall with the music .
" Like it says on the top , " " There is no future for public transport , because traveling by car is so much more convenient . " " "
Yes , I agree with that because now people are getting tired of walking on the bus or any public transport vehicle . Now the personal car is the power . If you want to go ...
I do n't know ..... in a place like your holiday house , maybe a bus can not arrive there and you need a private car .
If you want to move stuff from one place to a different place , you ca n't do that with a bus . You need a private car , so a private car is better than a public transport vehicle .
The principal aim of this report is to provide the organizers of an international festival with information about the interests of young people in my country .
I am going to write about their interests in music , television programs and the clothes they wear , concluding with my personal statement .
Firstly , by conducting a survey among young people in my area , it emerged that music is essential for them .
In fact , youngsters are inspired by the songs they listen to and by music videos as well .
By the same token , most of those surveyed claimed that their favorite singer is also their idol .
Secondly , young people expressed their interest in television programmes such as films and series .
Series became so popular that numerous teenagers spent at least half of their afternoons watching series on their technology , neglecting schoolwork and extracurricular activities .
Moreover , sometimes young people become obsessed with TV series , and they lose their social life as well .
Last but not least , youngsters are interested in fashion .
In fact , almost every girl interviewed admitted that they are very keen on being fashionable , and a large number of them claimed that they love having a wide range of clothes in order to show how fancy they are .
In conclusion , I personally think that the next international festival should reflect all of these young people 's interests if the orginisers want it to be a success .
In the picture , I can see a boy walking two dogs on the seaside .
I think he 's about 12 years old .
He is wearing a black - and - white jacket and black shorts .
He is shoeless .
One dog has brown fur . The breed is dachshund .
The second dog is white , and its breed is Maltese .
The boy is looking at the dogs and leashing them .
It seems he is happy .
There are some rocks in the sea and on the beach ; there is also a bough lying on the sand .
The weather does n't look very bad , but it 's cloudy , and I think it 's not so hot there .
Dear Jo ,
Firstly , I would like to thank you for visiting my country .
I am sure that my country is the best option .
The reason why I say this is it has plenty of wonderful sights as well as career opportunities .
Next , I am proud to tell you about the beauty of my country .
" There are 54 minorities living sociably together in the " " S""-shaped country . "
Each minority lives in each region ; each region is different from the other .
My country has not only modern cities but also sparse villages that make you feel a lot of emotion .
In particular , I would have to say that the cuisine is the thing that you should n't miss .
Then , despite it being a developing country , there are many opportunities to grow your career .
Nowadays , Vietnam has been attracting foreign investments from many countries .
Besides that , the dominating industry is also improving , especially in the export field .
We export mainly agriculture products : for instance , rice , seasonal fruits and vegetables .
Travel services make up a large part of the GDP of my country , with services offering lots of types of travel .
Finally , I am looking forward to seeing you in my country soon .
Sincerely ,
Ngoc Duong
A topic that I like so much is electricity .
In today 's world , everybody uses electrical energy for almost everything .
It is present in your personal computer , lamps and anything that you need to plug in .
But almost no one knows that the electricity travels a long way to arrive in your house .
The journey starts in the energy plant , wherein electricity is generated by resources such as water , wind , solar energy and nuclear energy .
Then , the electrical energy travels through the substation .
After this , the electrical energy needs to lose a little bit of energy to arrive in your house without trouble , and this occurs in a place called a substation .
Therefore , we need to think very hard before wasting energy .
This is because it is an expensive cost for you and mainly for the environment .
ESSAY
It is widely known that the majority of teenagers are keen on video games .
Some people believe that it 's a waste of time and a bad habit too , while some others think that it 's a good way to spend your free time .
To my mind , there are pros and cons .
First of all , computer games can help you to escape from your busy schedule and get some rest and relaxation after school .
Apart from that , it is quite convenient , mainly because you stay at home and have entertainment .
Also , video games are more interesting than traditional toys , so they capture teenagers ' interest .
Last but not least , some of them are educational and give you the ideal opportunity to gain knowledge .
On the other hand , there are many drawbacks .
To begin , when you spend a lot of hours on the computer screen , you become addicted to them .
As a result , you do n't get together with your friends and you do n't communicate face - to - face .
In addition , a lot of video games are full of violence , and teens tend to imitate them , so they have violent and aggressive behavior .
Also , playing video games for hours is very harmful to your eyes .
In conclusion , computer games are a nice way to spend your free time , but they should always be played in moderation .
I feel the invention of the computer has significantly changed people 's lives .
This , realistically , has been quite a new invention , and in its short life span it has been able to change the world significantly .
In addition , it will change people 's lifestyles in the future .
These changes resulting from the invention of the computer have made me feel both bad and good .
Technologically , computers have improved people 's lives drastically .
No longer are the times when people must write a paper manually or even with a simple typewriter .
Personal computers are becoming quite common and are therefore less expensive and easier to own .
Computers have also made life transpire much quicker than before .
Gone are the days when a person who wanted money from a bank had to wait until it was open .
We now have ATMs , or automatic teller machines that are able to proceed with the same transactions as a teller would .
It seems these days that everything is run by computers !
We are able to complete our tasks much better and much more efficiently .
Basically , every facet of life has been affected by computers , bringing about positive results .
" While computers have brought about improvements , in my opinion , they also have " " impersonalized " " the world . "
" Jobs are being taken away from humans who are not " " fast enough " " . "
Interaction with humans in some places is extinct .
Yes , it might be more efficient to have a computer make your transactions at a bank , but I miss human interaction between people .
In addition , it is also very dangerous to place all of one 's trust in a machine .
It is a common fact that machines do fail !
Sure , a car with a computer that tells a driver when an oncoming obstacle is approaching is safe , but what happens when the driver relies too much on the computer and not enough on his own brain ?
People soon stop thinking and allow machines to do the work for them .
I feel afraid when our society relies so heavily on a bunch of wires .
Computers are not able to express and truly feel emotions and therefore are incapable , in some instances , of functioning .
With the invention of the computer comes many changes , from the lifestyle of the past to changes in the lifestyle for the future .
Some of these changes will save people 's lives , such as advances in medical technology and safety .
However , I fear that our world will become a very impersonal place .
" I hope that we will be able to determine what improvements should be made and what should remain " " slow " " . "
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for one of the positions in your cafe .
I saw an advertisement for this job near my house .
I have the right personality for this job . For instance , I have taken courses in cooking ; hence , I am interested in many kinds of food .
Furthermore , I am very good at dealing with people . Last summer , I attended as a guide to a museum .
I am very hardworking , and I enjoy working with other people . I would agree to work as much you need .
I would like the opportunity to work in a cafe .
I am a sociable person and I like working with others .
In addition , this job would offer me more experience in my chosen professional field , since I want to apply in the future as a chef in a restaurant .
I am available for an interview at any time .
I am looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
I can be contacted at 0741123456 at any hour .
Yours faithfully ,
Flor Barbus
I would like to recommend Mzolis restaurant .
It is located in the heart of Warsaw .
A lot of foreigners go there to try delicious traditional South African grilled food .
It is a rather informal restaurant , designed in a rustic style , which guarantees a really nice ambiance .
When it comes to food , you can try all kinds of grilled meat , even the most exotic ones .
About the service , I think it is unusual , as you choose your meat and the staff will prepare your dish . Then , you go to the kitchen to get your dish and eat it with your hands .
I have been there once , and I really like that place . You feel at home , and the food is delicious .
The price is also the cheapest I could find in this country .
The main reason why I like that place is because I can see many different people from different parts of the world .
I have been there several times , but I would like to go there again with my classmates .
The best film
I am a fan club film that calls high school musical fans .
High school musical is the best film I have seen in the world .
When you see a thriller , you can stop looking for it and immediately want to see the film .
It 's a movie that all people can see .
I think I find it exciting because I love all films like this .
This great movie is about a group of people that go to secondary school . This school is not like all schools . It is different because they have a lot of activities such as basketball and theater .
I think that people would like to see it , because when you see it , you can stop it , and you have a lot of music , songs , and people dancing .
In my opinion , it 's the best film I have seen in my life . If you have the opportunity to see it , do it .
The reason why fox hunting should be banned is because it is a cruel sport .
There are many people trying to stop the sport from taking place .
The reason why people hunt and kill foxes is because they kill chickens , and because some people enjoy the social side of the sport .
At this time , I am sure farmers can come up with some ideas to prevent foxes from getting at their chickens .
If they did this , then there would not be a need to go on hunts and kill foxes .
When hunts take place , other wildlife are also harmed .
Some homes of animals may be destroyed , and some innocent animals may be harmed .
Once the foxes are caught , it is said that they suffer a horrible death , and if this continues , it will be unfair .
Many people have no problems with foxes , and hunting should not be included as a sport , as it will not be fun to experience .
If fewer foxes are killed , it means that there will be fewer rabbits around to destroy the crops , so this will be a benefit to a lot of farmers , and this is not cruel , it is just the way of life .
Fox hunting is a horrible sport as the fox is hunted down by a pack of dogs and men on horseback .
The fox is then chased until it is caught .
Thinking about this is very upsetting , and most people would be relieved if fox hunting was banned .
Foxes have as many rights on this earth as we do , and I am sure we can deal with the situation in a different way .
I am sure nobody will want to go through what a fox goes through on a hunt , so I do not see why we should put foxes through it .
If foxes are unable to harm farm animals , there is not a danger in banning the sport .
The reason why fox hunting should continue is to keep the number of foxes down and not cause a change in the food chain .
Foxes are not needed to keep down the rabbit population as farmers are able to use poisons to kill off the rabbits .
If you ban fox hunting , it means that the protesters will have won , and this gives them the incentive to protest about something else .
A few people enjoy the sport , and it allows them to socialize .
I myself believe that fox hunting should be banned as it is very cruel .
Another reason why it should not be banned is because foxes give chickens a cruel death when they kill them .
If they decide they have to continue the sport because they need to kill the foxes , the sport should be banned and a more reasonable death should be considered .
REPORT
This report will deal with whether cars should be banned from the centers of all major cities or not .
The number of cars has increased in countries in the last decade .
Too many cars running around people can be a serious problem to deal with .
But what should we do to fix it ?
There are some pros and cons .
Pros
First , there would be less noise in the streets .
Particularly in Spain , where city centers are usually quite narrow .
Second , there would be less air pollution .
It has been proven that too much smog in the atmosphere is harmful to our health .
Third , cities would be friendlier to live in .
Places where people could enjoy walking around .
Cons
First , local sellers ' work could be damaged in that area because they could need to upload and download goods for the shops .
Second , people who live in that part of the city could be affected in a negative way because they could need to pass through it with their cars to get home .
In my opinion , it would be a good idea to do it , but we would need to balance different interests in order to do it right .
There is a belief that computers will be used instead of books in the future .
I believe that it is true , because computers are more convenient and easier to use .
Tablets are light , and you can give only them without carrying many heavy books .
and it is common knowledge that gadgets make our life easier .
But some people have other opinions about it .
First , studying at school has become simple . Students can find a lot of different information about something interesting .
I do n't know where to start .
I 'm only going to bare my heart to my computer .
Because I feel lonely myself .
And I do n't know what I need exactly , and I do n't know what I should do definitely .
But I understand that I need some changes in my life .
I wish some really pleasant and enjoyable events burst into my life .
It must happen , I 'm sure .
The question is how long I have to wait .
My patience is already ending .
I refuse to understand and accept the fact that I ca n't afford a luxurious life .
Yes , I was always dreaming about wealth .
I am not a greedy , avaricous person .
I only want my wishes to be fulfilled .
I do not have many desires in my mind .
I only wish my favorite and loved ones are healthy , wealthy , and happy .
I wish I with my daughters and my husband could travel a lot . We love each other , and we have enough money for everything we want .
The Single European Act , signed in February 1986 by the Heads of Government of the 12 Member States of the European Community and which came into force on 1st July , 1987 , aims to create a single market by the end of the year 1992 .
This major target is to be attained by the removal of all fiscal , technical , and physical barriers .
This means that a merchant or tradesman would be able to sell his goods in any country , an individual would be able to borrow and deposit money in the banks of any member state , and they could also work in any member state with national qualifications .
There would also be the introduction of a European passport and an integrated transport system .
Despite the fact that the proposals put forward to amend the Treaty of Rome came from an Englishman , namely Lord Cofield , there has been widespread dissatisfaction in Britain regarding the single market , shown by frequent discussions in Parliament and letters to leading national newspapers , whereas Jacques Delors , the president of the European Commission described the measures adopted as a mere compromise .
In accordance with the Constitutional Law of Britain , Parliament is the supreme law - making body in the United Kingdom .
Consequently , the emergence of another source of law , deemed to be supranational , is inevitably a problem .
One of the prerogative powers conferred upon Parliament is the right to make treaties .
However , these treaties are not directly effective on British individuals , so that where a treaty contains provisions giving rights and duties to an individual , the individual can not place reliance upon the treaty until it is substantially incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom by an Act of Parliament .
This acts as a curb to the enforcement of European Community Law so that , to a certain extent , a degree of sovereignty is retained .
However , this is not as advantageous as it may at first appear , for there exists a general judicial presumption that Parliament does not intend to legislate contrary to European Community Law .
Personally , I think that although the integration of Britain into Europe will be beneficial in so many matters , such as freedom of transportation , movement , work and many others , there are also many disadvantages in store , including the loss of sovereignty to a certain extent .
Although the British Parliament will continue to regulate the acts or omissions of individuals on a personal basis – for example , in criminal law – its freedom to legislate in the domain of public law will be severely restricted .
Not only will Parliament be obliged to enforce community law ; any later statutes passed by the British Parliament will be either construed in the light of community provisions or declared invalid .
To conclude , it is reasonable to infer that the sovereignty of Britain will be impaired in many ways , although only within the sphere of community law prevailing over national law .
In other senses , the sovereignty of Britain will be safeguarded by Parliament , which will still reign supreme within the United Kingdom .
The turn of the century has brought with it many changes that have greatly altered lives across the globe .
Each decade has introduced a new fad or discovery that has been fixed in our minds as typical of the era .
The Roaring ' 20s , for example , was marked by flapper skirts and the invention of the automobile .
A very capricious decade , it can be contrasted with the years of hunger and unemployment that marked the Great Depression of the ' 30s .
How could we ever forget the Fabulous Fifties or the hippie decades – the ' 60s and ' 70s ?
For change is inevitable , and as difficult as it may be to pinpoint any one accomplishment that has taken place over the last 100 years as the most remarkable of the century , there is one aspect of the 20th century that will remain with me forever .
" So , as we embark on the year 2000 , I think it is only fair to call the 20th century " " The Century of Democracy . " " "
Perhaps , it is because today is November 4 , the day after the U.S. elections .
Perhaps it is because the former superpower of the Soviet Union is now making its transition into a democracy .
Perhaps it is because I am thousands of miles from my home , but I 'm feeling very patriotic these days .
No , I 'm not engulfed in the typical ethnocentric idealism of a citizen from the United States .
Rather , I 'm feeling patriotic because I can look around the world today and see that it is becoming a better place to live for people of all nations .
In the past two years alone , we have seen people all over the world finally take a stand for what they believe .
Not too long ago , I remember the democratic demonstrations that caused the people of East and West Germany to unite as one democratic superpower .
At the World Expo in Sevilla , not a month ago , I bought a chunk of what was once the Berlin Wall – the wall that , for many , was a symbol of the harsh realities of the Cold War .
That wall is gone forever , and I feel lucky to be among the many who could follow these events .
The Soviet Union , as well , is going through its own transition to democracy .
The many unhappy people of this troubled nation finally took it upon themselves to rid their nation of its communist government .
The superpower among superpowers that to me had long been an example of Marxism is now following in the footsteps of the rest of the world .
With the end of the Cold War , there have been more peaceful relations throughout the world .
The idea of nuclear war is practically nonexistent today .
Arms sales have gone down , so nations may spend this money on more worthwhile areas .
In conclusion , as the turn of the century slowly approaches , I look back with a feeling of accomplishment as well as anticipation as to what lies ahead .
In a world of many scattered nations , conflict is inevitable .
However , if we all have one bond – democracy – then maybe together we can learn to understand one another and work towards a happier world for all .
It is a well - known fact that everybody needs holidays .
To begin with this topic , we need to ask ourselves about several matters to have in mind .
First , we must be aware of our economic situation , the season , the people who come with us , the transport , the accommodation , the place , and more matters that we should note when we decide to go on holidays .
Second , we should consider two main options : going abroad or staying in our home country .
This could be the first question that we consider before going on holidays .
Nowadays , due to globalization and the increased number of flights around the world , we can find a wide range of webpages where the flight companies offer their services at incredibly low prices .
Because of these low prices , many people decide to go abroad instead of travelling near their home .
Of course , in order to prepare a good trip , you also must consider the accommodation , the food , etc . , and , depending on the place you choose , you will spend more money or less .
Another point to consider should be the environment . If you go abroad , you can visit the well - known monuments and historical natural places around the world , and if you stay in your country , although you can see a lot of places , the things to see are limited .
In conclusion , I think that a person must consider several points when planning a holiday trip and that it depends on the person 's knowledge about where to go and how to get there when determining whether one trip could be cheaper or more expensive than another .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Tomas García , and I am writing regarding the advertisement that appeared in the newspaper yesterday – about the summer camp job .
I am 25 years old and come from Spain .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I can speak English fluently too .
Moreover , as you can see in my enclosed CV , I obtained a law degree and have worked for companies such as . . . and . . . in jobs very similar to those you are offering .
That is why I believe that my experience and qualifications fit very well with this position 's requirements .
Moreover , I would especially like to point out that I have always been interested in working with people , especially taking care of little children and helping them to be happy .
For all these reasons , I consider myself a very suitable candidate for this position , and I would appreciate the opportunity to come in for an interview and talk with you further about this vacancy .
My contact data is in the attached CV , at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
The European Community is a group of 12 sovereign European states whose intention is to develop closer economic and political cooperation .
Its intention is to encourage greater freedom of movement of goods services , capital , and workers .
The competition for trade in modern times is so great that Britain has no choice but to join Europe in order to increase the market for its goods .
Britain has been recognised as having a particular skill in the areas of banking and insurance .
The European market will give us the opportunity to use this skill in a far wider market .
The creation of one European commercial market will also benefit the consumer since a homogenisation of standards is also in the process of being introduced , hopefully to the highest common denominator .
The European community does not serve only as a useful trade association , however , for environmental problems can be tackled more effectively if the European community confronts such problems together .
Cooperations between the communities and police forces will assist in overcoming the problems of drug - smuggling and terrorism .
The common defence policy of such a large area of Europe would also be beneficial and possibly less costly if the member states pooled their resources .
However , some loss of national sovereignty will inevitably occur .
The single European Act was designed to speed up the decision making of certain institutions .
The act meant that member governments had to be committed to the greatest cooperation and joint action in the areas of foreign , social , and environmental policy , thus leaving less room for differences of opinion among the members .
The decisions of the European Court of Justice already take precedence over national law , which can be seen as a major infringement of our national sovereignty .
More participation in the election of members of the European Parliament would help to elect those strongest at promoting British interests in Europe .
The question is how much sovereignty Britain is prepared to lose and whether the benefits of belonging to a single Europe outweigh the disadvantages .
A certain loss of sovereignty has already been felt , and in the next few years this will increase .
As far as the immediate future is concerned , a certain loss of sovereignty is the price we have to pay for material progress .
In most of the earlier studies , the effect of either ocean acidification or ocean warming has been investigated .
However , in nature , a combination of these stressors affects the organism , and the effect could be more than the effect of a single stressor .
I remember how the old people treated their children .
They were all poor ; they did n't have enough money to pay for their children 's education .
All children should have to help their parents .
Some of them have been adopted by other parents .
The children wanted an education , but they did n't have enough money to pay for it .
Some of the children worked in the sugarcane field , or they worked in a shop to receive money to feed themselves and met many good , well - mannered people .
Nowadays , many people have changed their lifestyle .
And their lives have become birds in the sky .
Some of them have already achieved their life .
They have plenty of money , and their children have all that they want , and some children have very bad manners .
They do not respect their parents , and they do not wonder what their parents did .
Some of them have already given birth to a child or gotten married at the age of sixteen .
The world has already changed .
They have good doctors who are qualified and have great skills .
Many people developed their own country .
For example , they want to attract more and more tourists to their country .
Some of the adolescents , at the age of eighteen , have already left their homes to live with their girlfriends .
They do not remember what their parents have done for them .
People have changed their lifestyles .
Some boys like to get a new hairstyle .
Just like girls , they like to put on many accessories , such as makeup .
They want to start a new fashion to make a name for themselves .
People become more skilled and more ill - mannered .
Over the next 50 years , people will create many electronic things like cars and machines like televisions .
Television has brought many advantages that would never have been envisaged by our great - grandparents .
People will develop more models for television .
Year by year , the world will change and become more developed .
Long ago , early cars had wooden bodies , which made them extremely vulnerable in the event of a crash .
About 30 years ago , cars switched to all - steel bodies .
Today , cars are stronger , lighter , and safer than earlier designs .
This means that today people create more new features .
Television is an interesting source of information . People watch it every day . You have a comedy program and then a quantic physics program . Television is a study object ; if you propose that , it is one more tool in your investigation .
If you arrive in the morning , you have TV news . The news has good ratings ; everyone needs daily information about the world .
If you enter in the afternoon , you have kids or young people , but what is really interesting about this proposal is that , at these hours , everyone wants to watch soap operas , comedies , or interesting documentaries about whatever they want .
Hi Ana ,
Yes , I am in the process of learning English right now .
By coincidence , I work in the IT sphere now ; therefore , I need this language in my daily communication with customers .
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
Thanks ,
Alex
I do n't agree .
I think the future is public transport .
Also , I think this applies to many things .
Now , we live in a shared world , where all is shared : work , development , ideas , and many other things .
This is a new philosophy .
The basis of this philosophy is to share .
This idea brings great benefits for all .
It is the same case for transport .
If we would share transport ( public transport ) , there would be fewer cars ; therefore , we would have less pollution and less traffic .
Everybody saves money , and the familiar economy is better .
The cities have become more agile , and it is easier to get to places .
This model has many advantages .
To solve the problem of the traditional models . Because then the traffic is worse , and the time on both kinds of transport can grow and be horrible . It 's more comfortable and quicker to move on to personal transport , but if there only exists one mode of transport , these will be more efficient and more comfortable for all of us .
I think the whole world would benefit : the environment , people , family , work , and so on .
I agree with this statement . I think in the future , it will be like everyone will have their own car , and they wo n't use public transport .
Nowadays , every person wants convenient lives for themselves .
So they just buy a new car for themselves .
But some people ca n't buy it .
Because they have n't got enough money , and they have material problems .
So they account to use public transport .
This is untouchable to poor people .
In my opinion , using public transport will not be as popular as travelling by car .
In my opinion , public transport has a long future because a lot of people live in big cities , and they do n't use cars for moving in the city ; because public transport is more comfortable , they can take the bus and then take the underground and finally , arrive in any place that they want .
But if they use a car , they will probably be late for the place that they go .
I think if people use public transport , there will be less pollution , and the sky in the city would be blue instead of grey ; so nobody should say that public transport does n't have a future .
Moreover , a lot of people use public transport because they do n't have a car .
In conclusion , nowadays people are very conscious about the environment , which could be affected by cars , and they do n't use cars a lot , so I think that this is n't the end of public transport .
Today , we see a lot of television . I think that it is not a great result because by watching more television , you can become lazy .
In addition , most of these programs are stupid and only good to spend your time .
The reason is that a lot of people do n't want to receive bad news , and they only love to be entertained .
Fortunately , not all TV channels have these programs .
There is somebody that is trying to invent new programs to educate people .
One of these is Channel 5 . During the day , they transmit some interesting programs about history and nature .
I strongly believe that it 's possible to do both of the programs .
For example , during the day , it 's possible to mix not only news and quiz programs but also documentaries and interviews .
If we have channel programs like these , I am sure that all the Italian citizens could have good benefits and more knowledge about our beautiful world .
Dear Alison ,
How are you doing ? I am writing to you just to let you know the eating habits and customs in my country .
In Argentina , the most typical food are empanadas , meat and dulce de leche .
I am one hundred percent sure that everyone in this country has already tried empanadas at least once .
We usually have breakfast as soon as we wake up .
Most people usually drink chocolate milk and eat biscuits for breakfast .
We also have a tea time , and we eat similar to that in the morning . I know that to you , it will sound kind of strange . We have lunch at twelve o'clock and dinner around ten .
What really makes a traditional Sunday in Argentina is the food , most commonly the barbecue with the whole family .
It is a custom that I hope I will never lose . You should come visit me and experience it for yourself . I am sure you will love it !
I hope my letter has helped you !
Best wishes ,
Belu
Lots of people believe that sooner or later , public transport will lose its important role .
First of all , this is due to the fact that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Actually , you can use your vehicle not only to get to the office or reach the shopping mall but also to go on holidays without having to stand in a queue before catching a train , plane or bus .
Actually , there are lots of traffic jams , and it is quite common to be stuck along the road .
But it could be quite the same for travelling by bus and other means of transport .
Secondly , cars are becoming cheaper day after day , so everyone can afford to buy one , even those who are not considered wealthy people .
So far , public transport has been considered relatively cheap , environmentally correct and fast .
On the one hand , we can not forget that cars have a bad impact on the quality of air and that they are one of the most important causes of pollution .
On the other hand , everyone is more or less aware that airline companies have a great impact on air pollution .
Anyway , it could be possible to travel by car , and when you arrive at a certain destination , you can choose to cycle or walk instead of catching buses , trains , the underground or other public means of transport .
Cycling or walking could be even better than public transport : much healthier , cheaper and faster .
We must even take into consideration the fact that the car industry has developed lots of new vehicles .
There are now new models available , for example , electric cars , that are environmentally friendly ; they are not so expensive , so everyone can buy one of them .
In conclusion , I strongly believe that there is no future for public transport and that travelling by car will be , day by day , faster , cheaper and even environmentally less dangerous .
I think doing sports is healthy .
When we do sport , we feel better ; our body and mind are good .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I go to the gym three times a week .
I love it because when the class finishes , I feel better .
I sometimes take a walk in the forest .
I made the Santiago way 10 years ago .
I like it very much .
I walked 760 km .
I started in Roncesvalles , and I finished in Santiago de Compostela .
This way is so beautiful .
I met a lot of people from other countries , such as Brazil , Germany , Australia and so on .
A car might be more comfortable but still more risky than a train or bus .
I prefer to use my private car because of the long distance between my home and the location of my company .
Michael was just sitting there , wondering what would come next in his life .
Time passed away , while the answers still did not show up to him . That was the moment he decided to make things happen .
He took a bag filled with clothes and snacks . No matter what , this would become the adventure of his life , a new beginning .
" He walked outside his home and took the very first cab he saw . "
" " " Nowhere " " was written in black bold letters on a sign in the front window of that cab . "
" He started wondering about the infinite choices he had ahead . "
" " " Just take me to a bar . " " He thought to himself , " " But no , that was too simple . " " "
" " " Take me to the airport , " " repeated his mind , but no , that is too crazy . "
" " " Just drive , it does n't matter where , " " he said to the taxi driver , and whispered looking at his feet , " " Maybe I should not run away . " " "
He felt the guilt of leaving , the very second he grabbed the cab door .
Is it because of his wife ?
No .
Was it because of her daughter ?
No .
Was it because of his poorly paid job ?
No .
It was because he did not have the courage before ; before , it was selfish ; before , it was incorrect .
" But the question arousing in his mind was : " " Does that really matter ? " " "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
It is true that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
But at the same time , it also consumes much more energy than travelling by public transport .
Rather than saying there is no future for public transport ,
I think it is more correct to say that there 's no future for individual auto transport .
Due to global warming , many countries , including Taiwan , Turkey and Germany , have started to promote public transport in order to protect our environment .
Their governments try to increase oil prices and decrease public transport prices .
Although the government tries to make us use more public transport ,
I think there 's still limited impact on our society .
The most efficient way is to promote it by ourselves .
If we all start to use public transport and tell people how good it is for our planet ,
I guess more people will start to do it .
SOCIAL NETWORKS
If you want to talk with your friends , to share photos or to post anything you want , you have so many opportunities to do that on the social sites .
Nowadays , people use the Internet to do anything from obtaining information to sharing photos , uploading videos and doing other useful things .
So , social networks are very extensive now on the internet .
The most popular social networks are Facebook , Twitter , Yahoo , Flickr , WhatsApp , Tumblr , Ask.fm and a.s.o .
Let 's take Facebook as an example .
Facebook is the biggest and the most used social network .
It has more than 1 billion users .
You can use a Facebook account for texting your friends , keeping in touch with them , sharing your own experiences , receiving notifications , uploading photos and videos and , of course , seeing what your friends post .
You can also see what their opinions are and what 's new in politics , business and entertainment .
You can promote your own business , so your products and services can find easier targets .
Facebook has a lot of benefits , but at the same time , it can be very dangerous !
On the internet , there are so many people who pretend they are someone else .
" Now , let me tell you my " " Facebook story " " . "
When I was 11 years old , I had my first Facebook account .
I was so excited about it !
I felt like I had just discovered technology .
I started to post photos of me , share videos , update status and meet new people .
" Then , I was thinking that it 's " " cooler " " to write on Facebook that I live in the Netherlands and work at Jack Daniel 's . "
I remember that I used to answer to everybody , no matter who they were .
I talked with Romanians , Indian English , Arabian people and other strangers .
I did n't realise I was in danger .
Two years later , when I was 13 years old , I started to realise that my old photos , videos and status were completely stupid , and I decided to delete them all !
" I have also changed my work place and my country , and I deleted the unknown people in my " " friends list " " , but I made a really big mistake : I made my phone number public ! "
One week later , after making my phone number public , I was called by a lot of strangers and some of them were using a private number .
I really did n't like it !
Now , I 'm 15 years old , and I think I 'm mature enough to use Facebook . I have learned a lot from the big mistakes I made on Facebook until now .
I do n't accept friend requests from people I do n't know , I do n't talk to strangers , I do n't give my personal data ( especially my phone number ) , and I think twice before posting something .
I 'm thinking now : What was in my brain when I was talking with strangers ?
Oh my God , I was in a really big danger !
So , I want to give you some advice . Do n't let your kids access Facebook if they are less than 13 years old because they can be very naïve , and psychos , rapists , etc . , are everywhere on the Internet .
In my opinion , social networks can be useful if you know how to use them and as long as you do n't let them control you .
I have a dream .
I do n't know if it seems big or not .
But I really want to make it come true .
My dream originates in Messi . I do n't know how , but Messi is my inspiration .
He gave me a dream of going abroad .
Then , I will meet him .
Yes .
He is also my motivation .
Young people tasting health and fitness
Nowadays , there 's a great deal of information available both on the Internet and on TV about how we need to be fit and why it 's so important to keep healthy .
However , are young people aware of these facts ?
I think most of them do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness since they spend a lot of time drinking alcohol and smoking .
Instead of going to the gym , they behave badly on weekends , when they go clubbing , for example .
On the other hand , I think that there are large numbers of young people who have fun without drugs and alcohol .
They also go to the gym and play sports , and they are on a healthy diet .
In my opinion , you need to be fit to keep healthy .
You should be on a diet and do exercise .
If you do that , your body acts better than you expect .
Our lifestyle regrettably follows not only going to the gym to get fit but also going out to drink alcohol .
Both are impossible .
Hey , its me Satyajit .
I am a student .
I am going to appear at the JEE MAIN entrance at Bhubaneswar , Orissa , India .
I am a fan of SRK .
" I love you Simpy . "
Would you like to come ?
Wawel : Managing Center of the old capital city
Wawel was once one of the most important places in Central Europe for most of the time in the middle ages .
The bravest Polish King and leaders were living and leading at a time when Poland was one of the strongest countries in the world and the strongest in Central Europe .
Recently , Wawel is placed number one in Kraków for visitors , because apart from its brave history , we can find nice monuments , works of art , and , obviously , we can get a lot of interesting information on a tour with a guide .
Apart from tourism , history in Wawel has been created recently ; there , we can visit the cemetery , where the most famous leaders of Poland , such as Jan III Sobieski , Józef Piłsudki and Lech Kczyński , who was President of Poland recently , are located .
In conclusion , Wawel is a place worth visiting if you are planning to visit southern Poland . The revitalisation of Kraków city is also beautiful , so everything matches well as a whole .
People who are planning to see Wawel should n't forget about interesting places around Wawel , such as Sukiennice , Smok Wawelski and many wonderful temples , all of which not further than several hundred meters from Wawel .
Dear Jen ,
Last week , I went on an educational trip together with some students in the same class , along with my class advisor .
We visited the National Museum .
It was nice to see the old relics that were preserved for a long time . Preserving those relics that are being used today for us to learn what happened in the past .
After the trip , we had our lunch in a nearby food chain .
We enjoyed discussing the trip .
It was the day before yesterday , but Michael did not know this yet .
He just knew that he had to get to work on the novel . He so desperately wanted to finish but had not managed to complete a single chapter so far .
He placed himself in front of the oak desk , opened his silver laptop and stared at the white , blank page of the document in front of him .
He did not know what to write , even though he knew the story , the characters , the plot , and the twists at the end .
He knew the complexity , essence , feel , and every last detail of what he wanted to write .
Suddenly , he felt his mind running in circles , spiralling into the unknown , his fingers blazing over the keyboard faster than he had ever done before , and the words assembled , gathered , became sentences , structured organisations of semantic meaning , and suddenly , the chapter was finished .
He had no doubt that the inspiration came from above .
" He closed the writing program , and when asked whether or not to save the changes , he pressed " " Do n't Save , " " as he always did after not writing anything , and then put on his jacket to go for a walk to celebrate . "
He went out the door and turned on his heels , looking at his computer with a strange sensation in his stomach .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hello , my name is Rolle .
I was born in Danderyds Sjukhus in 2000 .
I have a brother , Trogen .
He is 13 years old .
My favorite sport is ice hockey .
I play in SDE hockey .
I started to play ice hockey when I was 6 years old .
I think my favorite place is Tigerbalsamhallen . There , I play hockey because I love to play hockey .
Three words that describe me are happy , hockey and friends .
I do not have a favorite movie .
I like many movies , and it is the same thing with songs .
I like house music , and one of my favorite artists is Avici .
I do n't want to miss the part because it is so funny .
Kebab is my favorite food .
My favorite restaurant is Nicos Pizzeria because they have the best kebab .
One of my favorite memories is when I was in New York and watched the New York Rangers in Madison Square Garden .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in regard to your request to recommend some places to visit for your students .
To be honest , four hours is not much when it comes to sightseeing in my city , and I have been thinking about it a lot , but in the end , I think I may have the perfect idea .
I do not know if you have heard about our old castle .
It 's in the very centre of the town , so it is very close to the hostel you are staying in .
We can visit it . It is open from eight until twelve ( I checked it ) . They have wonderful exhibitions there — paintings , sculptures , something from history , and something a little bit more modern as well .
The best part is that at 1 p.m. there is going to be a concert .
My friends from a school of music will be playing old instruments as accompaniment to a slideshow of photographs from the 19th century .
I think the best option is to go together at ten in the morning , see some paintings for two hours , then go for ice cream or pizza , or whatever the kids would like to have during the break , and then get back to the castle for the show .
Later , we can do whatever you would like to do .
If you have any questions , just write or call me on my cellphone : 123 456 .
Yours faithfully ,
Sevastian Duźniak
When I started to think about my favourite sport , it was quite difficult for me to decide since I 'm very keen on practising sport .
As long as I can remember back in time , I 've always been engaged in sports .
Nevertheless , if I had to choose one among all of them , running could be considered my favourite one .
Running is one of the cheapest and easiest sports to practise anywhere and at any time .
The only thing you need to do is just feel like spending half an hour breathing fresh air and relaxing .
An issue that is becoming increasingly debated is whether or not fox hunting should be banned .
" In today 's society , it is an outdated and barbaric " " sport " " that , in my opinion , should be banned . "
In this country , animal rights have been debated in parliament , and many measures have been implemented to safeguard animal welfare .
Recently , the British government has brought in legislation with respect to how animals that are going to be slaughtered should be transported .
These measures include the time the animals spend on the road , how much room they have , etc .
etc .
However , it is still perfectly legal for a group of people to chase a fox with a pack of dogs until it is exhausted and gets torn apart by the dogs .
This , apparently , is a sport .
The government has made it illegal for dogs to attack badgers , while it is still legal for dogs to attack foxes .
Surely this is unfair and hypocritical of the government .
It is also illegal for two dogs to attack each other for the enjoyment of spectators .
At least if one dog fights another the fight is , in some sense , fair .
But it is still perfectly legal for an infinite number of dogs to attack a single fox for the enjoyment of human spectators .
The fox stands no chance . Why is fox hunting legal when all other blood sports are banned ?
Fox hunting is , for the most part , enjoyed by the upper class .
It is expensive to partake in as you need a horse , dogs , and riding equipment .
helmet , boots , etc . ) .
You also need land to do it on .
It is my opinion that the conservative government will not ban foxhunting because it will lose support and funding from its upper - class , wealthy supporters who foxhunt .
In a time when Britain has very few surviving wild animals , surely something should be done to protect the fox .
The United Kingdom is always among the first countries to support the protection of wild animals in other countries ( e.g. , when banning whaling ) , and it is very ready to attack countries who do kill wild animals ( e.g. , the destruction of habitats in Brazilian rainforests ) .
But when it comes to ceasing the hunting and brutal killing of one of Britain 's few natural animals , they seem to turn a blind eye .
According to people who partake in foxhunting , it is an enjoyable sport .
A sport is when two evenly matched teams or individuals partake in a game for enjoyment or a prize .
It would be grossly unfair to match one footballer against a team of eleven as the result would be a foregone conclusion .
If one boxer had to fight ten boxers , this would be unfair .
But matching one fox against a pack of dogs in a fight to the death is still considered a sport .
Cricket is a sport . The brutal chasing and killing of a fox for the enjoyment of the upper class is not .
Famous people , such as politicians , film stars , and other celebrities , are ordinary people , as we are .
People always idolise them and think that they are unusual , but they simply have extraordinary careers .
First of all , everybody deserves to have a private life without journalists , even those who live in the limelight .
They should be able to spend their time with children , family members , friends , etc.—to go on holidays , to celebrate things .
On the other hand , I think that it 's impossible for these kinds of people to have private lives , because fans and society want to know everything about them — about their private lives .
They want to be in touch with their idols , to contact and meet them in reality .
To sum up , if we are famous people , we should bear in mind that fans will admire us and that journalists will come up to us , take photos of us , and print the photos in gossip magazines or tabloids ( to satisfy the needs of the fans ) .
Stars should realise that they are at the centre of attention .
In addition , they should choose what is more important to them - career or private life ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the summer camp job .
I 'm a student who is 20 years old and who loves taking care of children .
For me , this is an incredible opportunity to improve my skills by helping with the organisation and cooking food .
I am a girl full of energy and always keep a smile on my face .
I think I am a great candidate for your job . If you need some further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes , Andrea
When the time arrived for Lucy to make the transition from being a teenager to an adult , all her self - assurance and determination vanished into thin air .
She had been a brilliant student in high school and intended to keep being it .
She expected to work and study all at the same time .
She had big plans , but sometimes you have to slow down to achieve them .
She was going to study journalism and to do some part - time jobs in the meantime .
She went for it . She started her career working as a cashier in a market , but by the end of the month , reality hit her in her face .
She started to be exhausted and her performance at university was deficient .
She needed to stop working or studying because her health was at risk . She fell asleep in class and at work , her diet was poor , and her temper was disgusting .
She could only understand how disastrous her life would be when she got to the limit .
Even though nobody pushed her to , she was taking too many responsibilities that she was n't able to accomplish .
' Why are you running when you 're just learning to walk ? '
One of her friends asked her once .
' I want to make my future , and I do n't want to waste time , ' she retorted , but was she happy ?
Since then , she started to ask herself a lot of questions , and doubts were her faithful companions .
During the week of exams , she suffered her first panic attack .
That was the sign that it was definitely time for a change .
A friend of mine took her to a therapist , and after a few sessions , she began to catch a glimpse of what it was all about .
' Success is not final , and failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue what counts . '
her therapist said .
There was finally a clue .
She would have to work on that all her life though .
Her biggest challenge was learning to accept her limits , but she would soon understand that life is about growing every day , so she 'd have to enjoy the way and give her best over and over again .
Hello there , my good folks at Dischan .
My name is Sigfried Jensen , and I would like to apply as a musician for your fancy little company .
I have no education to document my composing abilities , so I will let my compositions speak for themselves .
I can compose music of standard and looping nature . These can be in whichever style you require of them . On top of this , I can also edit and polish given audio samples to make them usable in various new scenarios .
In case your demand for music is n't high enough , I also possess secondary abilities in marketing , market communication , and general electronic expertise .
Moreover , I can provide minor visual designs if need be .
My previous work experience is somewhat limited , all contained in a couple of years as a musician for a small media company called Dischan , as well as a short period as a TV and general electronics repair man for various companies , such as B&O.
How important is it for you to read books in English ?
In my opinion , it is important because it improves my vocabulary and helps me to express ideas easily .
Could you tell me if you have reading habits to learn English ?
I do n't have reading habits to learn English . In my opinion , it is a custom that I had to learn when I was a child because I would have grown up with reading as a hobby rather than as a duty .
Do you think that it is difficult for you to create the habit of reading to learn English ?
I think that it is difficult for me to create reading habits because I do n't like them , but I think it is possible if I practice it .
Most infant educators , psychologists and professionals in the educational world think that using storytelling in early childhood education is good for children 's development .
But … is it that good ?
Does storytelling have any disadvantages ?
Using storytelling is a good way to work on children 's values and emotions , as they are too young to express them by themselves .
They see themselves in the main character , and through his experience , they can learn how to act in these situations .
For instance , if a story is about fear ( an emotion that makes them feel insecure ) and ends in a good way , they will have different methods to overcome their fears and feel more secure and self - confident .
Furthermore , they can take part in and build their own stories .
Their vocabulary will increase at the same time that they are working on their social abilities .
In addition , they can see that every action has consequences , so they have to be responsible .
However , there are some points that need to be considered .
Storytelling must be chosen according to the age of the pupils .
One of the reasons storytelling may not work is because some teachers expect more than their pupils can do .
Moreover , if the story is too long or dull , students will lose concentration easily and make their classmates lose it too .
To sum up , we must take advantage of storytelling to consolidate concepts , values and emotions and let imagination go .
I live in one of the biggest cities in the country .
People who live in our city generally face transportation problems .
Instead of long - term solutions , local authorities are focused on short - term solutions .
The quality of public transportation vehicles can be increased .
New forms of public transportation must be supported by the government .
People should be convinced to use public transport .
The human brain is the most powerful computer known to man , yet it is small and light .
It is the control centre of the body , can instruct it to move freely around its surroundings , and is able to interact with other humans and objects .
The brain can make decisions , and it can communicate .
The only function of the brain that computers can rival is memory .
Some human brain functions have been taken over by computers , such as accountancy with the invention of electronic calculators .
In fact , the whole subject of mathematics has become quicker with the invention of the electronic calculator .
But the subject has not changed . Electronics have solved only a few mathematical puzzles .
Most of the theories used today were hypothesised and proved before the invention of the calculator .
Computers , however , have almost unimaginable accuracy .
Most high - precision engineering projects undertaken today use computers and laser technology to make parts accurate to thousandths of a millimeter .
The computer is very widely used in the modern - day world , but in almost every case , it is only an aid to the brain .
The human still has to tell the computer what to do .
The human is still in charge .
The human brain was in no way made redundant by the invention of the computer , and I think that it will be a long time before the technology is discovered to make an electronic machine that will compete with the brain to achieve one of its functions , never mind all that the human brain is capable of doing .
Hello , Tara .
You are starting an amazing project for your life .
I know it is really difficult to start , but then it starts getting easier .
You can start asking your teacher and your schoolmates if they want to be part of that .
They will probably say yes .
Together , you can decide what to do .
At my school , I 've done that with good results .
We started by creating rules to respect the environment . . . . I do n't want to tell you more ideas , because it is important to be original .
Good luck !
João
If the rate of car ownership continues to increase at such a rapid rate , then the roads will be completely congested .
This is the main problem facing the UK 's transport system .
The reasons for this are many and varied .
People of today want more freedom and have more disposable income — two factors that lead to an increase in car ownership .
Many people also feel unsafe walking or using public transport to get to places , and mothers who walked to school when they were young insist on ferrying their children to school by car , as they believe , correctly or not , that there are too many child abductors around for it to be safe for children on the streets .
These views are supported by cases such as the James Bulger case and the Fred and Mary West case , which have very high publicity and increase public awareness regarding the people on the streets today .
People also use cars because they are more convenient than public transport , as they can travel whenever they wish and can travel door - to - door instead of having to walk to bus stops and stations .
The enormous number of vehicles on the roads has meant that using a bicycle to travel has become unacceptable to many people , due to the danger and also to the levels of pollution from cars on the streets .
Rail travel has seen decreased popularity in recent years , due to the immense popularity of the car now .
Some people may not use trains due to their seemingly unreliable services .
Trains also fail to offer the freedom of choice available with cars , as the passengers are tied to the timetables and locations of railway stations .
I think that the government should help British transport by aiming to decrease the amount of car usage and increase the use of buses , trains , and other forms of public transport .
The government should do this by investing more money in public transport than in road improvements , such as the widening of motorways .
This increased investment would lead to more attractive public transport , with more services on the timetables , lower rates , and less delays .
These factors may make people convert from using their car to travel to work or school to using buses or trains instead .
This would lead to less congested roads , which could then be used efficiently by people with no other option , and a less polluted environment for all of us to live in .
This is because public transport is less polluting than a private car .
Scientists believe that it may not be safe to eat beef products .
Several years ago , the disease BSE , or mad cow disease , became quite commonplace amongst cattle .
The disease incurs a mental deficiency whereby the cow can not think for itself and slowly dies .
BSE has been known to cross animal barriers ; several sheep had a similar disease after eating feed made from the remnants of dead , meat - stripped cows .
Now , scientists fear that it has crossed the boundary between cows and humans , as cases of Creutzfeld - Jacob disease ( CJD ) are appearing more frequently .
There is , as of yet , no cure for this disease , and the only way humans could contract it would be by eating beef products .
This clearly has put a lot of people off beef , as the press also had coverage of the inefficient quality control by the government , and the fact that this has been going on for years is worrying .
The disease can take 15 to 20 years to become evident in humans , so even if people give up beef today , they will have a chance of getting CJB .
However , giving up the products now would reduce the chances of being crippled by this disease in the future .
If a lot of people did give up beef products , this would have effects on the agricultural industry .
Cattle farmers will be hit particularly badly if no one wants to buy their meat .
It will affect other animals being sold for meat also ; more people will want to buy the meat from sheep , pigs , and so on so that they can still eat the same amount of meat .
The whole incident may send the price of beef down so people will buy it and take the risk ( which must be tiny ) rather than forking out for more expensive meat products .
If no one wants to eat beef , then cows will be bred only for their milk , which means there will be fewer cows in the future .
If cows are no longer required by the public for food , some abattoir workers may lose their jobs , and several butchers , for whom the money from beef products is a considerable percentage of their income , may be hit hard by this .
The politicians still say that it is safe and that they will continue to eat beef .
However , a lot of these people are old , and by the time the disease has developed in them , it wo n't really be too much of a premature death .
However , for us young people , is the risk too great ?
I have n't stopped eating it .
I am a native Italian speaker and a final - year student in linguistic mediation at the University of Rome .
English , French , and German are the languages I am most confident with , but I also speak a little bit of Russian and Finnish .
My degree program is primarily focused on foreign languages and cultures , anthropology , and linguistics .
Presently , I am an Italian teacher for foreigners , but I 've also translated philosophy texts and curriculum vitae from Italian into English and vice versa .
There is no future for public transport in my country . Yes , it is overcrowded everywhere , and there is pollution due to the huge numbers all over the city . And do not forget the rising prices for petroleum products . Nowadays , travelling by car is more convenient , safer , and cheaper .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I write to you with regard to the job vacancy titled USA Summer Camps , advertised on the website Monster .
After reading the requirements carefully , I believe that I have the suitable skills to apply for this position .
I have ten years of experience working with children as a coach in a tennis club .
I love this profession , and I would like to keep on developing my professional career through this project .
I consider myself a very enthusiastic , motivated and helpful person , and I would love to be part of your company as an instructor in this summer camp .
Currently , I am studying MA in Children Care due to my interest in developing my professional career in this field .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Domenica Casado
I wake up at 4:00am and start work at 5:30am .
Because I finish work at 3:30pm , after work , I need to go to school and finish at 8:45pm ; so after I get back home , I just take a shower and have small talk with my boyfriend . Then I go to bed at 11:00pm .
Sometimes we watch a film together if I have a day off .
During the weekends , we play basketball with friends once a month .
Sometimes , we go bowling if all our friends are free at night .
" " " Seven " " can be categorized as a chase and police film based on the several crimes that occur during the movie . People consider it a moving film . "
The main characters were played by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt . One of the most highly regarded facts was that , in total , the film grossed more than 330 million euros in 1995 when the film was premiered .
" It is directed by David Fincher , who has also been in charge of " " The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " " and it is a Paramount production . "
The film narrates a series of murders that are related to the seven deadly sins ( lust , pride , wrath , laziness , greed , and gluttony ) committed by a psychopath who left a mark on each victim to deduct the sin for which they had been killed .
This led to the research by two policemen that tried to fit perfectly well all the pieces of the crime , but it was going to be more difficult than they expected .
I personally think that this film is fast - moving and spine - chilling . I found it astonishing . I freely appreciate that there is no way there would be a happy ending , and there are unpleasant scenes due to some murder scenes .
If you like mystery films , I strongly recommend it .
I sincerely hope this review convinces the reader to watch the film .
Dear Joe ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm very glad you have thought about visiting my country .
I 'm sure you will like it .
I can give you some tips for traveling , depending on what you like to do .
If you like museums , galleries and architecture , I would recommend you to visit our beautiful cities , such as Wroclaw , Krakow , Poznan , Gdansk , and , of course , our capital Warsaw .
On the other hand , if you prefer nature and physical activity , you should rather think about going to our mountains , Sudety or Karpaty , or to the Mazuria region , full of lakes .
You may combine them as well .
For example , you may go by plane to Warsaw , visit the city , then take a trip to the north , including our sea , which , unfortunately , is n't the warmest and prettiest sea in the world .
Honestly , you can skip it without hesitating .
But our lakes are really worth visiting .
There are many possibilities there to spend your free time .
You can go horse riding , swimming , kitesurfing , fishing , etc .
Next , we could meet in Wroclaw .
I would like to show you the city , which I like very much .
Then , I will take you to the mountains .
You may finish your trip in Krakow , and then look for a job there or in Warsaw .
These are our two biggest cities , with many students and many job offers available .
As you speak very little Polish , it will also be the easiest way to find an appropriate job for you at an English - speaking company or so .
I believe Poland is a very good place for you .
The landscape is beautiful , and the people are very friendly .
Let me know if you need any more help .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards ,
Ewa
The 20th century invention that has had one of the most radical effects on people 's lives is the television .
During the 1950 's , America witnessed the beginnings of a cultural revolution .
The era of populuxe instigated a ' must - have ' ideology in the nation , and the most important ' must - have ' was , of course , the television .
The presence of television has brought about several crucial trends in our culture : the mass culturalization of various groups , the commercialization of our lifestyles , and the rapidity and breadth of the information that reaches us .
Gathered around the tube , the American family learned the ' ideal ' way of life .
But the picture of perfection was the same in every home .
We all received the same information .
We all saw the same families , The Cleavers , The Andersons , etc . , telling us how we should behave .
Mother was always beautiful , father knew best , and children had cute , silly , harmless problems .
As a result of this omniscient picture , a farmer in Iowa had an idea of what a family in New York consisted of .
People in NY watched Green Acres .
Today , the same trend continues .
To white people , ghetto life is slightly less of a mystery .
The examples on television are blown - up and exaggerated , but people get a general idea of different lifestyles .
Rather than several small , isolated cultures , the United States is moving towards a mass culturalization .
And the presence of another 's reality in our homes is a major part of the reason .
Another effect of television on people 's lives is the commercialization of our lives .
Advertisements , which originally served only to inform people of their purchasing options , have developed into an art form .
Fifteen - second blocks of our time are sold for millions of dollars , and , as a result , the American population is made to laugh , or to cry , and often times to buy a product .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the citizens of America have experienced with the advent of television a great increase in the amount of information they receive , as well as in the time it takes to reach them .
A hundred years ago , different sections of the country ( and world ) were isolated and separated by the time it took to mail a letter and print a newspaper story .
Today , we know within seconds , or in the case of the space shuttle Challenger 's explosion , we know about it in live immediately .
This abundance of information has led to a drastic alteration in people 's ability to react to major events .
Our view of the world is different ; it 's closer , it 's in our living rooms .
A good example of this is the reaction to the Vietnam War .
The war was , indeed , unpopular with or w/o television .
But the reality of what we saw , the casualty counts , and the bloody children under the American flag did much to enhance the negative aspects of war .
Overall , television has caused a radical change in our lives .
We are open to manipulation as well as stimulation .
The television is a powerful and dangerous tool .
It can greatly enhance and improve our lives , but it is most important to be aware of the fact that it is a manipulator .
We must watch what we watch .
I do n't agree with the statement saying there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
When you decide to travel by car , it 's certain that you feel independent , you can stop whenever you need , you can set off when you are ready , and that is why travelling by car is said to be convenient .
However , there are sometimes more important things than feeling comfortable when travelling , like money . Travelling by car is expensive , as the price of petrol is still increasing because of limited natural resources .
Although there are some places in the entire world where car users can not complain about the price of petrol , there are also many more areas where people exchange driving cars for commuting or riding a bike as they ca n't afford to own a car .
Nowadays , we are much more aware of the environment .
Thus , we know that using cars is harmful to the environment . We are advised to take public means of transport instead of travelling alone as it means less exhausting fumes per passenger .
What is more , in multiple countries , there is a festival of public transport , when people celebrate travelling free by public transport , and they are asked to leave their private cars in the garage .
To sum up , in my opinion , public transport will remain as long as scientists do n't discover new natural resources of petrol or invent a cheap equivalent to charge cars with .
We do not care about the environment in China , but we only care about the environment in or around our own house .
We throw all kinds of housing waste into the same basket , and the cleaner will collect it .
Sometimes , the odor will remain , as the basket was indoor .
We do not care about the air , even if the air pollution is very serious in some parts of China .
We only choose the way that is convenient , which may have a negative effect on our living environment .
Dear Jo ,
Spain has many beautiful places you ought to see .
I think you should start in Madrid , so we can meet . I 'll show you around .
We 'll go to all the touristy places , and you 'll get to try a lot of delicious food .
Then you should visit Barcelona . It 's a truly beautiful city with many must - see places , such as the Sagrada Familia ; also , you 'll be able to go to the beach to relax .
From there on , I think you could follow the coast and visit cities , such as Valencia , Cartagena and Málaga , during the summer and leave the inland cities for autumn .
As for working here , well , it 's not going to be easy ; we 're having difficulties with that , but I guess you could find a part - time job at a restaurant or something . I could help you with sending your CV and all that .
And if everything fails , we can always ask my aunt . She owns a small shop in the city centre , and she 'd be more than happy to have someone helping her out .
See you soon .
Sam
Hi Jo ,
In my country , there are a lot of opportunities to work and to have fun .
Italy is an enormous country full of culture and opportunities .
For example , I live in Jesolo , near Venice , and here there are business companies , hotels , and other firms . If you want , you can also be a tourist guide .
On travelling , in my view point , I think that the best thing is to start , for example , from the bottom of Italy and visit all the amazing cities in this country : Florence , Milan , Genoa , Rome , and Venice .
There are also a lot of courses and other activities to do .
You also have a lot of opportunities at universities .
Venice and Padova are the most important cities for learning .
It 's a great idea .
I hope I can see you soon , and I hope to be useful to your decision .
As you may have already noticed , Warsaw is a beautiful and big city .
It was really hard to choose one place that you just must visit .
Obviously , it largely depends on your interests .
If you want to know Warsaw from the historical side , I recommend visiting the Old Town , and
the Royal Castle .
It would be helpful for you if you ask for a guide .
Honestly , I think it is very educational , but a bit boring .
I am sure that , as young students , you will definitely appreciate something less educational but more interesting .
Your must - visit place is the National Stadium .
I was there many times , and trust me , there is a lot to see there .
It was built specially for EURO 2012 .
We were the host country , so we had to make as much effort as we could .
The first thing that attracts our attention is the interesting architecture .
It looks like a red and white basket ; it refers to Poland 's flag .
The stadium is also equipped with a heated pitch , training pitch , façade lighting , and underground parking .
There is even a railway station , situated on the opposite side , which was built in the same style as the stadium .
When you get there , you will not be disappointed .
There are trips with a guide where you will hear a story about the stadium , which , in my opinion , is very interesting .
You will also visit the changing rooms where football players prepare for the match .
It is a multipurpose venue able to host not only sporting events but also concerts , cultural events , and conferences .
I really recommend visiting this place .
It would be an unforgettable and fascinating trip .
It would also be a great windfall for all football lovers .
You will not regret that , I promise .
Life changes could be possible in the coming years because a new way of life is appearing due to technological advances .
When I look back , I realise teenagers are different ; they are looking for different things in their life .
For example , when I was young , all students used to study for several years to become an expert and get a good job .
Nowadays , teenagers study only for a few years because they want to get a job quickly .
All around me is changing quickly — education , way of life , way of thinking , and technology — so I think all that will make a change in the future life .
In fact , I am looking forward to seeing this change , and I hope this change will be as good as I expected . Above all , I hope a big change in the health service will be made .
With economic development , a growing number of much - needed buildings are taking the place of areas of farmland , forest and wetland .
As far as I am concerned , this phenomenon does more harm to citizens as well as animals than good .
First , large - scale buildings bring various kinds of pollutions .
The process of building produces a large amount of material rubbish as well as noise , which disturbs the life of inhabitants around .
At the same time , the glass covering the surface of the skyscrapers reflects dazzling light .
Besides , the destruction of the habitat fastens the extinction of wildlife and reduce the diversity of species .
With no more trees and grasses to freshen air , the air pollution will be more serious .
What 's more , building housing much more than needed is a waste of society 's resources .
To solve these problems , strategies should be taken by the government .
First , measures should be made to protect the areas of farmland , forest and wetland .
Each city should promise to own the least needed afforested area .
What 's more , the government should encourage investing in environmentally friendly projects instead of building housing .
The last is that
Presents
In regard to a recent radio discussion about the positive and negative aspects of receiving presents , such as luxuries , homemade items or different live experiences , the decision is open to debate .
On the one hand , I strongly believe that people should receive presents at any time , whether it is for Christmas , birthdays or just because you want to demonstrate to someone how much you care for them .
Live experiences are known for being the best type of present nowadays , as people have finally understood the importance of memories for our lives , instead of just collecting luxuries , clothes or photographs .
Moreover , from my point of view , apart from having the amazing opportunity to receive this type of gift , you are also able to share it with the people you love the most .
In addition , I do not actually find any disadvantages to this type of present .
On the other hand , homemade items are extremely agreeable to receive too .
Not only are they made with true love , but they are also made , generally , with recycled products , such as glass , plastic and even wood .
The main advantage is the fact that , as it was said before , the item was probably made with passion .
However , the person who receives the present may not like it at all .
That is the main disadvantage .
These ideas have led me to my conclusion : the best present to receive are experiences as you will always remember them , sharing them with your family and acquaintances .
My teaching philosophy changed considerably when I finished this course that was based on theories in second language acquisition .
Until now , my beliefs in teaching English focused on the following opinions : ( i ) children should be familiar with English as early as possible ; ( ii ) the teacher should give students motivation so that they can gain their target goal in learning the language ; ( iii ) the teacher must be a good monitor in class ; and ( iv ) the teacher must interact well with students .
My beliefs help me feel more confident about becoming an English teacher in the future .
First of all , parents should let their children learn English early .
My first misunderstanding is that adults will acquire a second language better than children .
By reading child language acquisition of SLA , I know that the period when people can acquire the second language best is in childhood ( McLaugh , 1978a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.123 ) .
Moreover , children at the age between 5 and 9 , called the critical period , can acquire a second language naturally and do not need any special methods of teaching .
Children have better phonology than adults , and they display morphological sensitivity that adults can not .
However , older learners will be successful in second language ( L2 ) syntax .
Patkomski ( 1980 ) found that learners who learned L2 after the age of puberty received lower proficiency scores than learners who started learning L2 before puberty .
Therefore , in the future , I will encourage everyone to let their child make an acquaintance with English as early as possible to help their children have an accent like native speakers .
If I have a chance to teach children , I will create an active atmosphere with various activities that focus on communication skills and give students opportunities to expose themselves with authentic input , such as cartoons and music .
Secondly , the teacher should inspire students ' motivation and raise the students ' awareness of learning so that they can gain their target goal in learning a language . When I was in grade ten , I did not have the willingness or motivation to learn English because of my parents ' obligation .
Consequently , my results did not meet the goal as my parents expected .
After I met a tutor invited by my parents , I passed the exam in class with a high mark , and I had the motivation to learn better .
I want to become an English teacher .
Motivation is the second most important factor in SLA that makes students achieve in learning L2 ( Skehan,1989 , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.426 ) .
Students can use their whole time to doing what they are interested in , and they will never get bored .
The more motivated one is in language learning , the more successful students will become .
It is really a long - term project for students to improve their proficiency in a second language .
They need to observe the number of comprehensible inputs and do many tasks to reach their goal .
As a teacher , I will make efforts to increase the students ' frequency motivation because of the changes over time ( Dörnyei and Ottó , 1998 ; and detailed in Dörnyei , 2000 , 2001a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.428 ) .
Thirdly , a good teacher is the one that can well organize all of the activities in class .
For instance , when I teach grammar , I have to define how many structures I can teach in a lesson that is enough , and with some difficult grammar rules , I need to break it to teach in turn .
Learners need time to memorize the new rules and acquire them in their learned system .
After teaching the rule , I will ask my students to work in pairs and communicate using the new structure based on my cue cards .
When they are working , I can hear their conversation and know not only what they say but also how they say it , so I can know whether they have acquired the rules or they just use their learned knowledge .
Finally , interaction is also an interesting theory .
" Gass ( 2003 ) found that " " language learning is stimulated by the communication of pressure and the relationship between communication and acquisition and the mechanisms . " " "
Therefore , I will teach my students in English only . I will let them have more chances to communicate with one another through the tasks that I give them in class . Then I will move around the classroom and correct mistakes for them using negotiation , recasts or feedback .
When observing their dialogue , if they make mistakes , I will take note , and after they have finished their practice , I will correct their mistakes for them .
I advise interrupting their speech because it is expected by them .
In addition , if I always correct mistakes , my students will lose their confidence and they will not want to practice anymore .
This is my philosophy on foreign language teaching .
These beliefs help me examine what I am going to do in the future when I become an English teacher .
This course widened my knowledge a lot through the theories in the SLA book .
I think that students in the school of foreign language education must take this course to have a better philosophy of teaching .
The aim of this report is to describe how my town takes care of the environment and what people do with respect to the issue .
First , I am going to talk about what my town does .
The town is generally clean , thanks to the cleaning services .
Every night , roads are cleaned , and the rubbish is frequently collected during the day .
Even if the cleaning service is very efficient , people do n't usually take care of the environment .
They throw their wrappers away on the ground .
In other words , citizens do n't completely worry about the place where they live .
The town has implemented a programme to solve this problem by promoting prizes for those who take action against this bad behaviour .
As a result of this new policy , the town is now more attractive and cleaner than in the past .
Residents have changed their bad habits , and the image of the town has improved .
In conclusion , thanks to the new way of living , tourists are more attracted to and curious about visiting the town , and the town has reduced cleaning costs .
The money saved is used to build new green areas across the town .
European nations have , over time , been linked together both in war and in peace .
These countries have since been moving closer together on more institutional lines .
One such demonstration of this has been the formation of the European Community , made up of the European Coal and Steel Community , the European Atomic Energy Community and the European Economic Community .
In 1987 , the European Community adopted the single European Act whereby the member countries committed to the realisation of a single internal European market by 1992 .
This act has raised questions in Britain as to whether or not it will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
The lifting of trade barriers between the member states will enable the free movement of trade .
This economic union will not really create a loss of sovereignty for Britain , as it will merely aid the exchange of goods throughout Europe .
However , the fears are that the act will lead to decisions being imposed on Britain since an important element of it is the commitment to majority rule rather than the previously common practice of consensus decision making in the Council of Ministers .
This would result in the ability of individual nations to veto key decisions being restricted .
British sovereignty could be in danger if this union led to a European government imposing its authority on Britain .
A centralised European government would inhibit Britain 's decision - making ability .
The recent incident of the European Parliament imposing its ideals on Britain exemplifies the authoritative principles that Britain may be forced to accept if such a strong central body were created .
It was believed that Britain ought to halt construction of the Channel Tunnel link due to environmental concerns . However , this action seemed to be an imposition on British sovereignty , as an external body was trying to tell the country what to do .
If the European Community were to bring in a single currency , Britain may be deprived of its sovereignty since it would lose its individuality , but more importantly , it would forget its bargaining position on foreign exchange .
Currency decisions would be made by a central body , which Britain would have to accept .
If a single Europe should lead to British troops fighting on behalf of Europe instead of their own nation , most sovereignty would be lost .
" It would mean a supranational force fighting as a whole , with no real difference between nations — it would not be a case of " " one force , one nation . " " "
However , the state would still exist as an island , and people will always feel that they are British due to their roots and history .
Even if it was linked physically to Europe via the Channel Tunnel , Britain would still see itself as a separate country .
I personally believe that Britain will not lose its sovereignty if the union is based on an economic level of free trade between nations .
However , if a strong European government were created that made important decisions for Britain , such as currency settlements and foreign policy decisions , this would mean that Britain would no longer be an individual state with the power to make its own decisions and would hence lose its sovereignty .
The picture shows the process of making notes .
The first step is designing it . That is the most important job , except for copying it . Then it can be printed , when these steps are finished .
Make sure to use high - quality sheets . If they are bad sheets , they will be destroyed . If they are high - quality sheets , they will be packaged and distributed .
The sheets conclude with cutting into separate bank notes , packing and dispatching .
All these steps constitute the basic process . What we use is based on it .
Banks should make efforts to maintain security for customers through this process . We know about bank notes . It is our living . We use them to buy whatever .
This graph shows data on the amount of petrol used in the United States and the United Kingdom .
As is known , these countries are among the most powerful in the world .
First , the United States line shows that the majority of the income percentage is spent by the poorest socioeconomic class .
Second , the amount of money used for cars is lowest for the richest drivers .
However , this patron is not the same as the other place .
In the first place , we can appreciate the percentage of capital used on gas , which is higher among wealthy people who live in the United Kingdom .
In the second place , the lowest incomes are reported on British citizens from a poor socioeconomic status .
Overall , the United States of America and the United Kingdom show a similar pattern .
According to the richest drivers , both lines are linked in the same place .
Dear Summer Camp Holder ,
Hi !
This is Mimi .
I am an outgoing girl . I enjoy having time alone with people very much .
A few years ago , I was an elementary school teacher thinking of quitting such a nice job due to my dream of being a nurse , but that would be an obstacle slowing me down from getting along with these cute little angels .
Thus , I have a profound belief in my ability to do this job well .
By the way , I once joined a summer camp during college .
The role was the same as this job , such as preparing meals and snacks , holding games and giving them surprises , and taking good care of them and so on .
Though it may seem that having to do so much will be extremely exhausting , both my experience and instinct tell me that it would be a great time and give me a beautiful memory .
It being hard or frustrating could not change my decision ; only trying difficult things can improve a person and help him find his way in life .
Above all , thank you for giving me an opportunity to show myself .
If I could be your partner , that would be my greatest pleasure .
Hope all of you are enjoying a nice day .
Your friend , Mimi
Dear Lionel Messi ,
I 'm writing to you to persuade you with some information that you probably do n't know about .
I would like to say that you should give more money to charity , and I think you should be paid much less than you are now .
Firstly , I would like to say that you should be paid much less than you are now .
Because you get paid about £ 330.000 per week .
So can you think about doctors and nurses ? They save lives almost every day , and you are not doing anything , just playing football and having some fun with your friends .
Therefore , you should be paid about £ 250 per game .
I think that is a huge amount of money anyway .
In other words , I think you should give more money to charity because they need your help .
So I would say that in the 1960s , the wage limit was about £ 4-£7 per week .
It took about 20 years for that wage limit to double to £ 8-£14 per week in the 1980s .
When I was a kid , I was addicted to reading stories for children .
In my teens too , I used to read so many teen novels that my mother would reproach me for sitting too long reading instead of doing my school work .
Luckily , I managed to do both , and I remember studying hard in order to get a real chance to read whatever I wanted with my mother 's consent .
Today , I realize how reading these stories got me interested in writing .
I always wondered how you start to recognize yourself as a writer and how you become an effective one .
Of course , a good writer must first be a good reader .
This is how I got my ambition to write .
Reading stories , poems , and novels intrigued me to write my own .
Reading what my fellow writers have said of their experiences as writers , what pushed them to write , what made them go on , and how it made them feel - all of that gave me answers to my questions .
More than that , I found insights into my own motives and goals as a writer .
I liked the close relationship of Shirley Carreira with her father and his library .
I enjoy being intimate with my books .
I love the feel and smell of them , and I prefer them over electronic versions every time .
They make you feel like you are in touch with the magic they offer .
Books draw you in as if by a spell .
Michael is a guy who is very popular . He is very intelligent , and he enjoys hearing the history of ghosts and strange things .
One day , his friend told him to go to a cabin because strange things were happening there ; he agreed immediately .
On Saturday , they walked around the street looking for the cabin , and they found a very old cabin .
They saw a horrible ghost , and he asked them two questions about his life , but the guys said nothing and the ghost was furious . He asked the second question : How many years do I have ?
Michael was nervous because he did not know anything about it .
" The ghost said , " " Michael said to me do you want to save your family or your friend ? You can only save one , the other person will die . " " "
" Michael , after ten seconds , said , " " I saved my family . I am sorry friend . " " Then he ran far away when Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . "
Although Louise felt nervous , she realized this was the opportunity of her life .
That was her objective that she had been dreaming of for many years .
If I make a decision , there will be no getting back . I have to think over it .
She was speaking to herself .
She could let her parents down .
Their expectation was to send her to one of the most prestigious medical universities .
Alas , she was not sure if they cared about her opinion .
Due to being a humanist , science was not the field that she was keen on .
Louise had been given a chance to go abroad .
She did not mind working long hours at entertaining places or earning little money .
Her spirit was crying to leave her country for the United States .
She could not say if it was a judicious feeling .
Generally , Louise was said to be an indecisive person , which was noticeable especially in such cases .
The advantages of leaving outweighed the drawbacks .
Her parents seemed to be over the moon .
" The girl convinced them and made them realize that there was no world 's " " end " " if she chose her own way . "
Everyone is afraid of something , but a lot of people are more afraid of catastrophic events than of things like cancer .
Even though people are scared about these things , they continue to smoke and drink alcohol .
Some of our fears are instinctive , so we automatically respond to danger before we have even had time to think about it .
Our fear makes us act instinctively ; we react so quickly , and we save ourselves .
This type of fear is a necessary and life - saving response .
There are different kinds of fear — for example , phobias .
We experience phobias in situations that are not dangerous for our safety .
Many people have phobias , but these phobias do n't threaten their lives every day .
Scientists say that phobias arise from negative experiences or traumas and that they are difficult to control , but they can be prevented with the right therapy .
We know what fear is thanks to experience and culture .
We were born with small and basic fears , but we know that things such as terrorism are dangerous . Stories on TV , on the internet , and in newspapers increase the risk of extraordinary events and often influence our fears , leading us to worry about things that do n't ever happen to us .
To better enjoy our lives without being oppressed by our fears , we must be objective as we watch programs on TV and pay more attention to what happens around us .
INTERNATIONAL SPORTS MONTHLY : Swimming
When I was younger , I used to swim , and swimming is my favourite sport now .
When I am swimming , I like the sensation of flowing through the water .
My advice would be this : enjoy the water !
Enjoy your time swimming !
When you start to swim , you learn a lot of new techniques . It 's like discovering a new world . I do n't swim to participate in competitions ; I swim to have fun .
The continual development of computer technology has created a great deal of controversy in modern times .
There are nowadays widespread uses for computers in all parts of society .
One area that has drawn particular criticism is the computer games industry .
Since the early 1980s , when computers such as the Spectrum 48 K and the Commodore 64 were introduced into the homes of millions of people , there has been controversy about their effect on children .
There is a widespread belief among parents that computer games hinder a child 's ability to learn .
" The development of more sophisticated and technologically advanced computers , such as the Amiga and PC , has served to deepen the " " problem . " " "
The growing realism of the games appeals strongly to children .
However , parents feel that children should be broadening their minds by reading books and that the computer games industry is encouraging children not to learn .
Computers have also been blamed for a fall in education standards among primary school children — a belief accentuated by the results of surveys that state that the vast majority of primary school children are unable to do simple arithmetic in their minds and rely on another computer , the calculator , to help them .
Another moral dilemma that computers have created is their role in the workplace .
There are many people who fear that computers will eventually replace humans in the workplace .
The role of computers is already significant in employment areas , such as accountancy , which require a special ability to calculate and manipulate numbers .
These computers have replaced humans , and such changes have sparked fears that the level of unemployment could vastly increase as a result .
As computers are more efficient than humans , do not require payment for their work , are less temperamental than humans , and will never have a day off because they are ill , it seems humankind is faced with a great problem .
Another claim that suggests the human brain could become useless is that computers promote antisocial behaviour .
The creation of the worldwide web and the internet have created the concern that the human race will become unsociable .
The internet allows us to correspond with people all over the world , and it also contains many other functions to , supposedly , make life easier for us .
The internet has another fundamental problem , according to many .
A belief exists that the computer age and its developments , such as the internet , will remove challenges from life .
The human brain is constantly in need of being challenged to maintain itself , but with the introduction of the internet , one could conduct one 's life without ever needing to leave the house , which many believe would menace society .
However , at the moment , the existence of computers is very much dependent on the existence of humans .
No matter how much artificial intelligence a computer may be able to show , it still has to rely on the human brain to program it and to put it into operation .
Although there are plans to create computers that can program themselves ( which I , personally , feel is a very dangerous idea ) , the human brain still very much controls computers and still has the ability to end the existence of computers at any given moment , which is , thankfully , a power computers do not have over humans .
Since I have studied in both Australia and China , I realise there 's a significant difference in English studies .
Formerly , Chinese teachers would adopt cramming methods and pay attention to grammar and vocabulary .
However , in comparison , the English Academic Program ( EAP ) class encouraged independent learning and provided me more opportunities to interact and converse with classmates .
After studying in the EAP , I have found that time management is my weakness .
Therefore , I will discuss more about study strategies through reading related resources .
Time management is a crucial factor for productive learning .
" First , as described by the Academic Skills Unit ( 2012 ) , time management can be achieved by making a " " daily planner " " ( p. 23 ) . "
So I downloaded a daily planner and filled it with my study plans .
Doing this helps me complete my daily tasks more efficiently .
Second , the research of Mark ( 2006 , p. 25 ) states that scattered time in a day should be utilised and made more productive .
For instance , I looked for chances to talk to native speakers while waiting for the train and participated in conversations actively during my breaks .
I have learnt that small bits of time added together can be used very productively .
In conclusion , by researching and comparing study strategies , I discovered that time management is crucial to achieving productive learning .
However , to become better learners , it is also important that students stay focused and motivated .
In my future studies , apart from spending my time more productively , I will set manageable short - term goals and regularly review my plans , which will be based on my study target .
Hello , my name is Xiawu Kam . I am nine years old this year . Today I am going to write about my favourite sport . My favourite sport is basketball because playing basketball can keep you fit and it is fun !
I started playing basketball in grade one , and now I am in grade four . That means that I have been learning for three years ! My dad likes to play basketball too !
I really enjoy this sport because it is very exciting !
If someone asks me which sport is the best , I will tell him or her that basketball is the best !
I really like basketball , and the teacher told me I am really , really good at it , so I always play basketball when I have free time .
I am on my school 's basketball team — the younger team .
I hope that this year I can transfer to the older school basketball team !
I hope you can play sports like I do , because it 's really healthy for everyone .
Thank you !
For reading my article , thank you again . Goodbye !
Hi Mary ,
How about your life ? Mine has changed a lot from the last time we kept in touch .
As I told you , new people have come to the office .
We have established a wonderful relationship , especially with one of them .
He is very outgoing , very friendly .
He has got a fantastic sense of humor , and he always makes me laugh so I can forget the bad moments .
He is very polite , generous , and honest .
At work , he is a creative person . As you know , this is very important in our job . He always has an idea when the rest ca n't think of anything .
However , he can be a bit immature at times .
He is very keen on sports . His favourite sport is basketball , like me .
It 's a pleasure to be with him , and I really enjoy his company .
I think we fit a lot . We have a lot of things in common ; we have nearly the same likes and dislikes .
He is a talkative person , not me . As you know , I am a bit shy .
But I do n't think it will be a problem .
I must let you know , it 's time to work .
Love ,
Krashen 's theory is one of the most known and influential acquisition theories from the seventies .
Krashen presented this theory in his works for several years .
It was clustered in his great work : The input hypothesis : issues and implications ( 1985 ) , and it can be summarized in the next hypothesis :
• the acquisition - learning hypothesis ,
• the monitor hypothesis ,
• the natural order hypothesis ,
• the input hypothesis
• the affective filter hypothesis .
Acquisition - learning hypothesis is perhaps the most fundamental of all the hypotheses to be presented here .
It states that adults have two distinct and independent ways of developing competence in a second language .
On one hand , we have the acquisition that , according to Krashen , is the unconscious process children have since they are born to develop their ability in their first language .
Language acquirers are not usually aware of the fact that they are acquiring that language .
They are not aware of the rules ; they speak without thinking whether what they are saying is correct , and they do not stop to think about the errors they commit because they do not think they are doing it wrongly .
" Some things " " sound " " good , and others do not . "
On the other hand , we have the learning process ; it implies the development of competence in the second language .
We use the term learning to refer to the conscious knowledge we have of the second language , being aware of the rules , for example .
Some theorists say that children acquire but that adults can not do it , they just learn .
But according to Krashen , the acquisition - learning process says that adults can also acquire the ability to pick up languages , which does not disappear when we grow up .
" But at the same time , it does not mean that adults can always achieve the native language levels , or that they can have access to the same natural " " language acquisition device " " that children use . It is so different . "
Acquisition is a powerful process in adults .
Acquisition can not be converted into learning or the other way round .
There are two different processes . Acquisition is the most important one , because we have to control the mother language first , and after that , the learning of more languages .
An application of teaching , according to this theory , could be that the optimal way a language is learned is through natural communication .
As a second language teacher , the best thing is to create a situation where language is used in order to fulfil authentic purposes .
This will help students , children or adults , to acquire the language instead of learning it .
Sport makes you test your limits .
You need to get ambitious to improve and convince .
For me , it 's a simple passion .
It 's been for ever that I loved basketball .
No matter if I followed professionals on TV or watched the students on the basketball court in school , the fascination always caught me instantly .
When I was 7 years old , my father used to motivate me .
If I scored 10 times in a row from the same point , he would take me to the kiosk and let me choose as many sweets as I could manage to eat .
Of course , I could n't make it .
But I did n't give up .
After many weeks , hours of training and countless frustrating moments , my precision improved .
My father was stunned .
He could n't believe that a young boy like me was able to hit so many points .
The following day , I was rewarded with the promised sweets .
Even 10 years later , my motivation did n't change .
1 . The scarlet letter box is one of the most recognizable symbols of England
2 . There is no doubt that most young people want to be white - collar workers .
3 . All my neighbors want to vote for the Greens .
4 . I saw an amazing crimson sunset yesterday
5 .
He spent his holidays near the turquoise sea .
6 .
My friend was against the Reds , and it was one of the reasons why he left his country .
7 .
She is in a blue mood because she lost her job .
8 .
The honey that I bought on the market near my home has an amber tint .
10 . That old lady looks a bit green .
Introduction
First of all , this report is concerned with how you spend your shopping time in Albacete .
Albacete is too easy to walk around the city center where you can come across most shops .
Suggestions
In the commercial zone , you can find two small shopping centers .
All of them have a main street between them , and one is in front of each other .
These two are not so big . However , there are two or three small shops that are really original .
In contrast , I would like to mention two big shopping centers in my city .
All of them are on the outskirts , and there are :
' - Eroski , where you can find a lot of different shops .
Most of them are present in the city center too .
' - El Corte Inglés where you can buy a lot of different brands along its 5 floors .
Conclusion
From my point of view , the city center is more attractive than the shopping centers .
It is a little bit stressful for me . In contrast , I prefer a relaxing walk , looking at shop windows , than an indoor shopping center .
But it depends on how shopping - addicted you are .
Hi Dan ,
Thank you for your letter .
How are things ?
I am fine .
Would you mind going with me this Saturday ?
This Saturday is my mum 's birthday .
Yesterday , I bought her a new television , although she has got an old one ; but it is horrible .
This evening , I am inviting her to the cinema .
We will watch Spiderman , and after that , we will go to Burger King because she likes it ; I do n't like it , but there 's no accounting for taste .
Transport is an important activity in any country .
The advent of technology has brought about drastic changes in means of transportation from time to time .
At the same time , transport has become a very important means of development of any nation , as all nations are moving towards globalization .
Public transportation plays a very important role in transporting people from one place to the other .
The bulk production and marketing of cars has been reducing the role of public transportation .
Cars have become accessible to everybody .
People prefer cars to public transportation .
This trend is very dangerous for the world .
This would increase air pollution .
Burning of fossil fuels would increase , and this would increase air pollution .
Public transportation should be more attractive and cost effective .
Governments should encourage people to use public transportation .
People should come forward to prefer public transport over their own vehicles .
" The main problem in the United Kingdom is BSE or " " Mad Cow Disease , " " as it is called . "
It has been discovered that the disease can be transmitted to humans due to consumption of the infected beef .
Beef production is a fairly large business in the UK , and it was necessary to discover more about this relatively new disease .
It was discovered that British farmers were to blame , due to their various industrial techniques .
The disease was originally carried by chickens .
When the farmers kill the chickens for their meat , the remains ( bone and organs ) are processed to provide a cheap feeding product .
Unfortunately , the disease carrying organs were not just fed back to chickens but to cows as well .
" The cows contracted the disease ( in a slightly different form ) , and this was when " " BSE " " first came about . "
The correct thing to do would have been to destroy the infected cows , bringing an end to a potentially life - threatening situation .
However , the farmers had money involved and did not do it .
When the infected cows were slaughtered for beef , their remains were processed and fed back to other cattle , spreading the disease further .
Unfortunately , unlike the chickens , the cattle were able to pass this disease on to humans eating their beef .
The same industrial techniques are still used today , and with the people in the UK becoming aware of the facts and more health conscious , the sales of beef have decreased .
It is impossible to learn that you have contracted the disease for up to seven years .
" And so , some attitudes of the public are : " " Why should I stop eating beef if I could already have BSE ? " " "
Another public attitude is to ignore warnings as there have not been any victims .
But it seems that the most popular option is to be safe and quit beef entirely .
It seems that more and more families have opted for chicken , pork or lamb as an alternative .
It could have devastating effects on the agricultural industry as well .
If there is a point where supply outweighs demand , farmers will produce less beef and make less money .
It is , therefore , conceivable to think that farmers will change from beef to an alternative product .
The doorbell rang when I was staying at home and thinking about my lost little cat .
If you knew my pet cat , you would n't be surprised by my love for him .
His name was Timoshka , and he was n't as ordinary as other cats .
He was very intelligent and could understand my words .
He always knew my voice and my mood .
If I remember rightly , I found him when he was sitting next to my house in the street .
He was so dirty that I could n't see him in the darkness .
Only his green eyes were shining there .
I felt sorry for him and took this one into my home .
After having a bath , he changed into a white kitten , like a snowball .
Well , I went to my door and opened it .
There was a little girl who was living near me .
She was holding something little and dirty .
To my big surprise , this something was a cat !
This cat was mine !
How happy I was !
The topic of environmental conservation and prevention of pollution is very keenly discussed not only in my city but around the whole country .
Many people are concerned about the enhancement of productive waste , garbage on the streets and the lack of effective processing .
Nowadays , we still use traditional ways of recycling and rubbish gathering .
One crucial point is that we do not have a sorting system by type of rubbish .
We collect our waste in one bag and then throw it into special containers , which are placed in each city area .
Time to time , approximately twice a week , this rubbish is unloaded into vehicles and taken away to a recycling site .
It is difficult to imagine the further process , but we know exactly that plastic and rubber waste is recycled .
Regarding other stuff , I think it could be put into containers and dug under the ground for conservation .
But there are few steps in this direction from our officials : a new recycling factory was built in the suburb and started to function last year .
But on the other hand , many citizens complain about the shortage of garbage baskets and containers on the streets of our city .
Sometimes , we may see such pictures like someone throwing away the litter straight to an embankment or a sidewalk in the center of the city , polluting the streets .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Right after she got to work , where she was nothing but a typical underestimated office worker , Anna had been informed that she ought to go see her boss and prepare to be eaten alive because of the last report .
Once she set foot in his office , she was surprised by a crowd of people yelling ' Happy birthday ! '
" Literally everybody was there , even her husband Adam , who was holding their disabled daughter in his arms . "
' I 've got a real stunner for you , Anna , ' said her boss , smiling like a Cheshire cat .
Due to my upcoming retirement , I was ordered to find a replacement .
" I told the management that you were the perfect choice . "
Anna was thrilled to bits . After all these years , she was going to become a manager !
And yet another surprise was about to happen .
Her skirt was being pulled , out of the blue . Anna looked down and noticed her 5-year - old daughter standing still on her disabled legs .
It was truly astonishing !
She fell on her knees with tears of joy running down her cheeks .
She felt like she was on cloud nine .
Suddenly , her whole body started to shake .
Adam was standing at the hospital bed , staring at his wife 's body convulsing .
After long years of being in a deep coma , Anna 's family finally lost their hope and chose euthanasia with an aching heart .
The teenage daughter silently shrieked and buried her head in Adam 's chest .
The shaking stopped and the long monotonous sound confirmed that Anna had just left this world for a better place .
Now , she could just constantly celebrate her birthday with her beloved family .
I must say I strongly agree that shopping is not always an enjoyable experience .
To begin with , standing in a queue can give you a terrible headache .
Only ten minutes is enough in the atmosphere of people shouting and haggling over every last penny .
Every once in a while , when you get home after shopping , it can turn out that you have just bought a real pig in a poke .
The food might not have a proper freshness , especially when it comes to dairy and meat products .
Not only is it that people ca n't afford to buy expensive products , but they also spend too much money on useless goods .
It appears that the shop policy is very relevant in this particular matter .
It 's common to put products on special offers and hire some good - looking salespeople , so it 's almost impossible to refuse them .
As they say , you can shop till you drop !
On the other hand , it 's not necessary to purchase anything at all .
People are shopping around these days again and again in order to compare various prices , are n't they ?
It 's funny , but they always seem to be in search of the biggest bargain in their life .
There is no doubt that browsing at the mall and not buying can be as tiring as breaking the bank .
Introduction for a paper
The supply chain involves the management and information provider of many areas in a company . It goes from the selection of raw materials , the processing of raw materials to finished goods , and transportation of those finished goods or products to the end customers .
The main parts are the suppliers , production and distribution .
One important task is using the information provided in each area to create a logical connection between these main parts to approach the objective of selling a good quality product with reductions in costs and time .
The definition of a standardized process is the establishment of the same method to be applied in the production of certain activities or functions .
This method is already accepted with the required parameters .
A standardized product is the result of a standardized process .
For example , the production of a Coca - Cola bottle in Brazil has to be the same as the production of a Coca - Cola bottle in Australia .
A standardized product must not have big deviations in order to sell the same product to all customers .
Transport essentially constitutes our movement .
Cars ca n't always be affordable for all sections of society .
Public transport should be optimally run in accord with demand .
Public funding should be spent appropriately to ensure maximum benefit for the public .
Drive down any street in urban America , and you will see young males and females , both black and white , driving Pathfinders , BMWs , Mercedes , and other luxury automobiles .
How do these young people acquire the funds to afford such expensive rides ?
They dress in Karl Kani , Pele Pele , and Guess clothing .
They wear Cartier wristwatches and expensive Nike footwear .
Where do the funds come from to purchase these fashions ?
In many cases , the answer is simple : crime .
As unfortunate as it may sound , many youths are well aware of the fact that crime pays and it pays well .
What alternative does an inner - city youth have when faced with inescapable poverty ?
" The answer becomes apparent when he or she is often surrounded by criminals living larger than those taking a more " " conservative " " path to financial security . "
The philosophy is simple : if you want it , go get it — at any cost .
The consequences are few , especially when one considers the shockingly low percentage of criminals who actually end up in jail .
The only danger that exists for a criminal comes from other criminals trying to take what 's theirs .
Police are no threat as they are far outnumbered ; it is virtually a game of chance as to whether one gets caught in an act of crime .
Fortunately for these criminals , the odds are in their favor . The public calls for more police but refuses to pay the taxes needed to hire them .
The few police on the street are thus often left chasing criminals like a dog chasing its tail .
If a criminal is apprehended and , in an odd circumstance , is placed in jail for a non - violent crime , it is only a matter of time ( often a short amount of time ) before he or she is free to return to wealth and comfortable living supported by burglary , mugging , dealing , or simple con games .
Jail space is reserved for murderers and rapists first ( as it should be ) , and when a murderer is convicted and sentenced , a dealer is put back on the street .
What an ordinary citizen imagines when he or she witnesses or hears about a non - violent crime is a thug bent on destroying society : killing babies , smoking as much weed as he or she can get his or her hands on , and so on .
In reality , these criminals are merely working jobs that pay them better than any other .
Why work at McDonald 's where you are forced to work in a hot , cramped atmosphere , possibly with an overbearing boss who is stuck in a service job with no end in sight , making $ 5.00 an hour and shopping at K - Mart for clothes ?
It is obvious that crime pays .
The proof exists on any street in urban America : underprivileged youth rolling in luxury automobiles and rolling wads of money into their designer jeans .
This is less of a choice than it is an act of taking advantage of an opportunity .
There are few alternatives for low - income youths and fewer obstacles in the quest for cash .
With violent crime rising and financial support for more police falling , crime will continue to pay .
If you are looking for a film about teenage first love to watch on a rainy day , I recommend Endless Love .
This is a remake of the 1981 Franco Zeffirelli film , but instead of an age difference , there 's a class difference .
Directed by Shana Feste , the film shows the throes of teenage first love , when David , the smart , decent , blue - collar guy who 's happy to go into business with his father as a mechanic , falls in love with Jade , a wealthy , sheltered , and studious girl with plans to attend Brown University .
The class difference between their families becomes a great deal for both of them .
The film features Alex Pettifer and Gabriella Wilde in the lead roles .
With his handsome face and gentlemanly attitude and her perfect silhouette , both characters try to live together with their different lifestyles .
They will fight against everything to protect their innocent love .
Both play their parts perfectly , but there are brilliant performances from the rest of the cast as well .
Another thing in this movie that you will love is the cinematographic effects .
The romantic scenes and the music produce the perfect atmosphere for this type of film .
Finally , the script is wonderful , lovely , and touching , like David and Jade are .
If you enjoy cheesy love movies , I definitely recommend watching Endless Love .
It is undeniable that housing and transport networks are very important for us . Plenty of people choose to build these in the areas of foamland , forest , and wetland , which destroy the animals ' living areas and pollute the environment .
In my opinion , it is time for governments to take measures .
To begin with , the energy in the world is limited . In other words , what we eat and what we need depends on farming and forests . If we run out of the resources by building more large - scale buildings , there will be a disaster .
As for the animals , series of large - scale buildings have been built , they can not live in the forest and have to move to other places . According to the China Daily , three elephants came into a town and ate the crops because their habitat were turned into roads . Many kinds of animals have to change their living habits , adapting to what people have done .
For sea species , many visiting boats are put into the sea , polluting the ocean and leading to a high death rate .
To solve these intractable problems , governments need to take measures .
For example , education is the key to rising populations . Governments can teach through public media . Companies also allow organizations to go around the world , spreading the problems the areas have destroyed . There are perhaps long term solutions , but they are more realistic solutions than setting up yet another international organization .
One of the greatest inventions of all time is the television .
The invention that swept the world and changed leisure habits for millions was pioneered by Scottish - born electrical engineer John Logie Baird .
It has been known for some time that light could be converted into electrical impulses , making it possible to transmit such impulses over distances and then to reconvert them into light .
Now , it has become one of the most important forms of mass media .
Millions of people all over the world like to watch TV in their spare time .
It informs , educates and entertains them .
It influences the way people look at the world and makes them change their views .
TV simply helps us to relax after a hard day 's work , giving a great variety of entertaining and musical programs .
But there are some opinions that television causes a lot of harm .
People begin to forget how to occupy their free time .
It prevents them from communicating with each other , from visiting friends or relatives .
Indeed , people used to have hobbies ; they used to go outside for amusement to theatres , cinemas , and sporting events .
They used to read books and listen to music .
Now all free time is given to television .
Still , it 's not a good thing for children to be glued to the TV screen all day long .
It 's very harmful to their health and to their developing personalities , because children prefer low - standard hits , horror films or banal series .
I 'm not such a passionate TV viewer .
In fact , I only watch programs that I find interesting and helpful .
I relax when I watch musical shows , humorous programs and TV games .
To my mind , all these things depend on people 's lifestyles .
Nevertheless , television has obviously changed society , and it 's probably used more than any other type of mass media .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
USA SUMMER CAMPS
I am writing with regard to your recent advertisement about USA Summer Camps .
I am interested in applying and working for you .
I am 22 years old and have a bachelor 's degree in education from the University of Warmia and Mazury .
My first language is Polish ; however , I am very fluent in English , which would help me to communicate with children .
I am also a very sociable person and good at communicating with children of all ages , which I am sure would help me to establish a good relationship with them .
In addition , I have first - aid certification , which can be very useful in this kind of camp .
As a teacher , I have a lot of experience in helping to organize sports activities , as I used to do a very similar thing .
I am very knowledgeable about children and what they like to do in their free time .
I am confident that I will be able to help these children to spend their time very actively .
However , I am good at cooking as well . I can help you with cooking , if you need any help .
I am very knowledgeable about healthy food , which I make very often at home on my own .
I would be more than happy if you chose me for this job , as I am certain I could make a valuable contribution to your summer camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Antonina Chludzinska
My name is Caro Gutierrez , and I 'm from Mexico . I am the type of person who likes being around children , helping them with their needs to make things easier for them .
On the other hand , I have the ability to coach in various sports , such as swimming , basketball , volleyball and softball .
I like to work in a clean and organized kitchen .
I also like to have handy all the required kitchen tools as well as the equipment needed to prepare a meal .
I would enjoy working in this summer camp if you give me the opportunity . I look forward to hearing from you .
Dancing your problems away
Dancing has been my favourite sport since I was very small .
I learned from my parents how good it feels to move your body , and perhaps , without them , I would n't currently be in a street dance crew while also taking ballet lessons .
Does n't it just make everyone feel positive about dancing ?
Throughout history , dancing has developed into an easy task , and everyone can learn it .
Recent studies show that , whenever you are downcast or having issues , this sport stimulates your senses and has a great impact on your body and nervous system .
Recent additions include a healthy life , with an impact on your lifestyle .
It is a highly popular sport . Furthermore , it provides a lot of benefits .
Why not think about it ?
You 'll find out that every time a fast song comes on , you 'll need to move even though you are sitting on a chair .
Instead of sitting down , you should take on the challenge and have fun .
Dancing is not intended for a special age group , so anyone can start it .
The only advice would be to clear out the negative mood existing in your head , forget about the setbacks and just wind down .
As long as you enjoy yourself , you 'll do excellently .
In conclusion , if you want a different kind of experience , go out and try it .
The family is the most valuable and priceless gift that someone could ever have .
Having a family means having everything .
The strong and special bond we have with our family is unbreakable ; it is the one powerful and magic connection that lasts forever .
Friends come and go , but your family will always be there for you .
When you 're at your worst , friends leave ; they become strangers overnight , and the next day they do n't even bother to say hello .
We will never know for sure how many of our friends are real friends and how many are just fake friends , but there 's one thing that we can be sure of : our family is our best friend .
Friends ca n't always be relied on ; they are willing to betray you and spread your darkest secrets around .
But you can count on your family 's full support whenever you need it .
The family is where we grew up , where we thought about what love and kindness mean , the treasure that provided us with the warmth of a home .
We 'll never go and ask a stranger for help . We 'll go and ask for our mother 's or grandmother 's wise advice because it is a thousand times more valuable .
I believe that the immediate love that our family has for us is the most significant proof that we could never find a better best friend than our own family anywhere else throughout the world , because , from the day of our birth , we are lucky enough to be given the best ones — our irreplaceable family .
A lot of teenagers are jealous of famous people ; they assume that famous people 's lives are amazing and full of entertainment , joy and fun .
But what about the price they have to pay for their outstanding lifestyle ?
No doubt , young people are sure that celebrities enjoy life . Most of them only dream about it .
At the same time , they forget a very important thing .
Film and pop stars , politicians , and models are sometimes deprived of privacy .
Moreover , hundreds of fans and paparazzi hunt for them and sometimes even abuse their private environment .
Being in public is the main part of their profession .
On the other hand , they have families of their own , close relatives , and the right to enjoy their personal pastimes .
In my opinion , famous people deserve admiration due to their abilities and talents , though we should not only adore them but respect them as well .
Much occurred in the 20th century that changed the way people live .
The invention that comes to mind as being the most influential is the computer .
This invention of the late 20th century forever changed the way people live and work .
The first computers were expensive monsters that filled entire rooms and could perform only a few calculations per second .
With advancement in technology and the move toward miniaturization , the desktop PC has evolved .
These small , relatively inexpensive machines can do everything their predecessors did and much more .
Every day , new and exciting improvements are being made to enhance the performance of these tools .
The impact of computers on the world has been great .
They have changed the way people do business and have radically altered the way data and information are dealt with .
In short , the productivity of people has increased tenfold .
As we move into the 21st century , this fact will become more important .
The amount of information that is available in the world will require the use of computers to extract and organize that which is of interest .
The personal computer has played and will continue to play a major role in our lives .
The day is just around the corner when every human being in the developed world will have their own PC linked by a cellular modem to the databases of the world , other PCs , and small digital assistants that will replace the printed page .
We have only just begun to realize the impact of this 20th century miracle .
We are limited only by our imaginations .
And the future of this invention looks bright indeed .
The Cherepovets match factory , FESKO , is the leading company in the match branch of the industry .
It is the largest manufacturer of matches in the post - Soviet space and in Europe .
At the same time , the company continues to grow , increasing production and strengthening its position in the market .
The first attempt to build the Cherepovets match factory was in 1948 , when the building of the factory on the beach of the river Yagorba began .
But a set of equipment for match production was not received .
The building was developed into a pipe and plywood plant .
The match factory was not built until 1970 .
The plan was to buy production equipment in Sweden , but eventually the factory was equipped with domestic positional equipment .
Then , the Cherepovets factory capacity was almost the worst in the industry .
General reconstruction of the company began in 1981 .
" Five " " Arenko " " automatic production lines were mounted for three years , and at the end of technology modernization , 70 % of the equipment had been replaced by brand - new equipment . "
And it was the beginning of an ascent into a leading position in the industry .
Since 2012 , FESKO has been carrying out a large - scale modernization , which has cost more than 200 million rubles .
Fitness
I would like to write about fitness because it 's a topic that is very interesting to me because I live in a family in which no one ever stops .
We usually go jogging . It 's very healthy because one 's heart rate can improve if one runs constantly at a low speed .
But I know that jogging is a sport that many people hate because it 's tiring ; luckily , there is an infinite number of sports , and each of us can choose the best for himself or herself .
I find aerobics very useful because it is based on physical exercise combined with music . It 's very fun .
Unfortunately , most people do n't take physical exercise seriously because most people are lazy . Anyway , I think that exercise should be an integral part of our lives .
Obviously , fitness also depends on diet .
The healthier you eat , the fitter you are .
That 's a big piece of advice , but no one , including me , can give up on sweets .
Normally , people go to the gym to feel and look better .
When you feel good about yourself , you enjoy life more and you even have more protection against illness .
In fact , it 's for this reason that I extend the hours of physical education at school .
Sport helps not only the body but also the mind . It helps to vent nervous energy , and it makes you free .
Do it for yourself . At the beginning , it will be hard , but in the end , you 'll be satisfied .
During my time as a teacher , I used to organise many group activities .
An example that I would like to share occurred during my induction year , when I had to select and organise a group of students to represent the school in a charity campaign .
When I was selecting the group , I had to take into account each student 's background and motivations in order to have mixed and cooperative learning .
I used my good communication skills to ( a ) explain what was necessary to accomplish the task and ( b ) deliver instructional materials .
I used plenty of positive reinforcement to encourage everyone to participate , because they were a low - ability group with low levels of motivation , and they were not used to winning in any challenge .
While the students were producing artwork to sell in order to raise funds , I used to supervise and monitor tasks , giving feedback about the finished pieces and how the students could improve them .
The campaign was a success , and the group was awarded the national prize for the greatest solidarity .
To begin with , everybody obviously has a right to his or her own privacy .
There is no doubt that nobody wants to be stalked — it is uncomfortable and annoying .
Even a star wants to have a little piece of quiet from time to time .
Surely a journalist or a paparazzo could be wrong in making their judgments .
It does n't matter if someone is a celebrity or an ordinary human being — I believe misleading gossip can ruin anyone 's life .
On the other hand , sometimes big stars would n't be so famous if they were n't chased by some paparazzi .
As a matter of fact , it appears that some people want to be followed on purpose - to gain more fame , of course .
A bad reputation often seems to be the shortest way to bathe in glory .
Also , journalists deserve to earn a living and make good stories for their editors , especially if it is an exclusive on some big event .
Finally , a lack of privacy is an unpleasant price for staying in the limelight .
Famous people are forced to live with it whether they like it or not .
I agree that celebrities should n't be constantly followed by journalists , but if they truly wanted their privacy to be respected , they would n't be involved in so many public scandals . There are people who just love getting others ' attention .
The diagram exhibits the changes during the last ten years in the number of immigrants to Australia .
It separates into nine world regions .
The ones that show significant decreases are Europe and Asia .
Moreover , India , East , and America have only a very small decrease .
However , the regions of Oceania and Africa really increased .
Overall , the chart shows that there has been a decrease in immigration .
Nowadays , there are a lot of famous people in our society who are facing a lack of privacy . In my opinion , they deserve to have as much privacy as possible .
They are ordinary people with the same needs as everybody else .
However , as they are famous , they receive a lot more attention from the media and fans than we could imagine .
The unstopable vast amount of attention is usually a worse thing than good .
Everybody wishes to have as much privacy as possible .
It is unbearable for famous people to deal with journalists when they go shopping or anywhere else .
Can you imagine yourself going shopping and having a group of journalists take a picture of every step you make ?
I can guarantee that none of us would appreciate a lifestyle like that .
I can firmly say that famous people like politicians and filmstars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Students finish school at the age of 16 .
They are very young , but I believe that young people should have the chance to go their own way .
" In my opinion , it is a good experience for young people to leave school at the age of 16 . "
They have the chance to get practical experience .
People tend to look at the dark side .
I think there are two good reasons for going to work at the age of 16 .
Firstly ,
because they are young and motivated and some students are glad to finish studying .
Secondly , it is so important to learn as much as you can when you are young .
On the other hand , they are not old enough to know what they want to do their whole lives .
I think it is hard to get prepared for real life .
Teachers do their best
But is it enough ?
However , the system is working , and it would be hard to improve it .
Everybody has opportunities to make their own decisions .
Nowadays , more and more people tend to have a healthy lifestyle .
Everybody wants to be healthy and to visit their doctor only once per year for health evaluation .
However , living a healthy lifestyle is not easy . It requires following certain steps , such as eating a healthy diet , exercising regularly , and getting enough sleep at night .
Physical activity is one of the most important aspects of a healthy lifestyle .
Regular exercise not only keeps your body physically strong but also reduces the likelihood of getting many health - related problems and increases tolerance to stressful situations .
It is a fact that physical exercise makes our skeleto - muscle system stronger .
Well - developed and strong vertebral muscles keep our body in the right vertical position , so vertebral deformation will not develop and back pain will not occur .
" Indeed , doing a special type of gym activity called " " cardio " " improves blood circulation in internal organs and in the heart . "
Accordingly , the risk of cardio - vascular diseases decreases .
Also , everybody knows that strong positive or negative emotions , due to certain hormonal reactions , have an impact on the heart .
In a regular person , heart rate and blood pressure can increase dramatically and even cause a stroke or a heart attack .
In trained people , it will increase the intention of heart contractions and stroke volume .
The heart rate will change slightly .
Thus , trained people have better tolerance of stressful situations .
The food that we consume is the next issue of a healthy lifestyle .
A healthy diet consists of balanced , fresh , and unprocessed food with a proper amount of calories .
Our daily food should include enough protein , carbohydrates , fat , minerals , and vitamins required for normal body functions .
For instance , lack of protein causes muscle weakness ; lack of vitamin A causes myopia and even blindness .
Also , if food is not fresh or prepared properly , it can have bacteria or parasites .
For example , spoiled milk products can lead to gastro - intestinal track dysfunctions , and not properly thermal processing seafood can cause leptospirosis .
Moreover , fast food should not be on the table .
By avoiding eating fast food products , we diminish a risk factor for getting some serious disease , such as cancer .
French fries are only one example .
Fries are usually cooked in a large amount of oil , which boils all day .
According to science , we should limit the portion size and consume only the amount of calories according to our individual needs .
In this way , we will never have problems with obesity .
Being healthy is fun !
You may think being unhealthy is only being fat , but that 's not true .
Being unhealthy leads to multiple diseases , such as heart or breathing problems and even depression .
Besides this being very awful , staying healthy is a good way to feel good about yourself , find new interests and make new friends .
Here are some suggestions for those who want to be healthy :
• Instead of going to a fast food chain at lunchtime , why do n't you try to go to our cafeteria on campus , which has a whole variety of salads and soups that are not only healthy but also really tasty ?
• Did you know that our atheletics team is accepting registrations ?
This could be a great way to find new teammates who will help you develop some skills .
Do n't waste time ; run to go get the last spots .
• Right outside our campus you can find a gym that offers a lot of activities , such as spinning , aerobics or even swimming lessons .
Also , because you are studying in this college , they will give you a big discount !
• Are you what is called a couch potato ? Get up off the couch , turn off the TV and go to the park on campus .
There you can breath some fresh air while you read a book , play frisbee or defend your point of view with other students .
Traveling by car is becoming more and more popular nowadays .
However , public transport will still survive .
First of all , public modes of transport such buses and subways are much cheaper and less resource - consuming than cars .
Public transport can provide an affordable option for those who can not afford to buy fancy cars .
It 's also more convenient to travel by public transport , such as airplanes , for long distances , since traveling by car for a long distance can be really exhausting and inconvenient .
Last but not least , public transport is more environmentally friendly than cars , which means public transport will play an even more important role when environmental problems become more and more severe .
If I could dream about an imaginary mode of transport , the machine would be long , wide and white .
I must be lying inside it to travel , and the most important thing is that I 'll fall completely asleep in a few seconds .
I will be awake again when I arrive at my destination : the Spanish Golden Age .
There , the dramaturge Lope de Vega will be waiting to show me how plays take place in that period of time when the theatre was the best entertainment and the buildings were great .
Maybe , I 'll act like I did in the past .
Now I 'm going to write a movie review .
The name of the film is Bangalore Days .
It is a film by Anjali Menon , who previously directed the film Ustaad Hotel .
It is a tale of three childhood friends from Kerala .
Kuttan , Kunju ( Diviya ) and Arjun
They are typical small - town young people dreaming of the big city Bangalore .
Kuttan narrates the story .
He starts with a punch line : when they are in Kerala they do n't like it , but when they are out of Kerala they miss it so much .
At the beginning of the story , Kuttan gets a job in Bangalore , and Divya completes her BBA at a local college .
She is planning to go to a bigger city for an MBA .
At that moment , an astrologer recommends that Divya get married soon .
So an arranged marriage happens .
Her husband 's name is Das .
When Das first meets Divya , he tells her that he was in a serious relationship and he does n't think he is over it .
But it does not hamper the marriage .
From the first night of Divya 's marriage , Divya finds something is very wrong when Das takes off all his wedding clothes and comes up in a sleeping gown , with a laptop . In addition , he says that he has some office work to do .
When they go to their apartment in Bangalore , showing a room , Das says that the room is locked with old stuff ; hence , they can use other rooms .
Das keeps himself busy with office work all the time , and he shows an attitude of having no time for others .
Though Divya and he are a married couple , he never shows any interest in Divya .
At the beginning , Divya always tried to match with Das , but she could not .
So she loses patience and develops a don't - care attitude .
Das never feels for Divya .
So she keeps herself busy with her friends .
Meanwhile , Arjun comes to the city . As he is a motorcycle expert , he founds a racing club named Storm Riders and starts working as a motor mechanic .
He can ride a motorbike exceptionally well ; therefore , he wins a race against the club owner .
Later , the club owner bans him for one year .
But the coach of the club keeps an eye on him .
Meanwhile , Arjun falls in love with an RJ named Sarah who is disabled .
The relationship faces many obstacles .
Sarah 's mother does n't approve of the relationship .
They want to go to Australia .
The relationship between Divya and Das worsens .
At this time , after a quarrel , Divya opens the locked room and finds that the room is a keepsake of Das 's past relationship .
Now Divya understands why their relationship is not working .
Then she discusses it with her two best friends , Arjun and Kutty .
These two become very angry .
Later , Divya goes back to her parents ' home .
Her family blames Das and his family and wants a divorce .
Kuttan wants to marry a girl who is a traditional Keralalian and has respect for Keralalian culture ; moreover , she must be beautiful .
At this point , Kuttan takes an urgent trip by plane to visit his sick father .
On the plane he met Meenakshi , the flight attendant .
When Kuttan saw Meenakshi , he thought he had found his dream girl .
Later they met in a mall . Suddenly , they exchanged phone numbers .
The relationship began to grow .
Later he found Meenakshi was not a traditional girl but rather a trickster .
It broke his heart .
Eventually , he found Indian traditionalism in a foreign girl .
One day , when the yearly racing event came , the coach tried to persuade Arjun to attend the race .
At this time , Arjun found out Das was the racing legend of the club .
Everybody respected and loved Das .
He gets to know the story of Das from others .
After a terrible accident , Das 's girlfriend dies .
After that , no one sees Das . Arjun shares the thing with his friends .
Divya immediately goes back to Bangalore and starts her MBA program .
Now Das and Divya are coming closer .
In the race , Arjun becomes the champion .
On the same day , Sarah is leaving for Australia .
After the race , Das drives them to Sarah 's home to stop her .
Thus , the story finishes happily .
I love playing tennis .
I think it is one of the most complete sports in the world .
I started playing tennis when I was 10 years old . My father taught me first , and then I had one of the best teachers in the country .
I was a great player . I won several tournaments , and I had a lot of fans .
My game was based on resistance . I could play for hours . I had just one thing in my head : pass the ball no matter what .
My height was an important advantage too . I could reach all the balls from one corner to another .
When I talk with kids who want to start playing tennis , I always tell them that tennis is about constancy . It 's not easy . You ca n't watch a game on TV and try to play just like them in a couple of days ; it does n't work that way .
You must train at least two hours per day , eat the proper food , avoid alcohol and sleep enough .
If you can do that , you are a future tennis champion .
Good luck .
Throughout my entire life , technological breakthroughs have dazzled me .
In school , I indulged passionately in my studies , trying to understand how electrical gadgets work .
On roads , I observed cars , wondering how they moved .
I enjoyed using technical devices and electrical gadgets even in bed .
However , when I was a teenager , my mother had to go through a surgical operation to remove part of her liver .
This type of surgery has a low mortality risk due to the likelihood of human error .
Nevertheless , the operation was successful and my mother was healthy again .
The doctor had to remove her ovaries during the surgery after he accidentally caused a hemorrhage in them .
He made a human mistake , and my mother barely survived her liver operation with the unannounced removal of her ovaries .
The overwhelming panic that I felt during her operation and the pain we went through as a family after her surgery has changed the shape of my life forever .
Due to a human mistake , neither my life nor my mother 's life will ever be the same again .
Ever since that day , I have wanted to be an engineer to design a robotic system that can perform surgeries with high accuracy , thus eliminating the human error margin .
I studied mechatronics engineering with the hope that one day , with enough knowledge and willpower , I would be able to work in and contribute to the field of engineering .
I am both hardworking and resilient .
Living in my city , Aleppo , located in Syria , during the war has broadened my vision and expanded my horizons .
I want to contribute to the improvement of my country and fix what the war has broken by providing inexpensive prostheses for the injured victims of war .
Therefore , master 's studies would enable me to put a smile on the face of a child who might have lost their legs but has lost their right to play and enjoy their childhood .
I believe in lifelong learning , and I am enthusiastic about learning European languages , in general , and German , in particular .
After finishing my master 's program , I will be prepared for a PhD program . Besides studying in academic settings , I will continue learning the German language while getting around Germany in my free time to learn about its enticing and wonderful culture .
I believe that we , as humans , are all equal and we all have the same dreams and hopes .
Thus , I want to do my best to help every person on planet Earth to lead a healthy and happy life .
Not just the present generation , but also the entire human race .
I think that after attaining enough knowledge in the technical field , I will be able to extend the life expectancy of the human race using robots and systems that can work hand in hand to ensure humans ' safety .
Whether by designing more intelligent systems to organize traffic or developing robots that can conduct surgeries with lower risk .
Finally , I have to say that I feel the urge to help every human being that I come across in my life regardless of their race , gender or ethnicity . I think that we have inside us all the power to achieve our dreams in life ; we just need a strong motive and enough dedication .
The sky is the limit .
The computer has been a major technological invention of great importance .
We are able to perform tasks such as writing letters at the push of a button , using programs and even playing games with these masterpieces .
A person of any age can use a computer for business or pleasure , and generally , the machine is a super enhancement in our ever - expanding , business - oriented world .
According to health experts , however , our marvelous machine provokes problems to our health that must not be ignored .
Apart from being a necessity to some , it makes human beings lazy to a certain extent and , thus , allows us to use our brains less and less .
It is true to say that a computer is able to perform many hundreds of useful tasks that our brains are completely indifferent to .
But we should ask ourselves what happens when the computer - oriented world collapses .
We would then have to use our brains .
It is not sensible to put all our efforts and hopes into a machine that runs off electricity .
The brain must be exercised to allow for this possible challenge , if we are disconnected from our precious computers .
We must educate ourselves and especially our children , who are at the forefront of tomorrow 's technology , more .
Hello Jo .
In my opinion , my country , Spain , is the best place to travel in .
Here , you can find a lot of wonderful cities and many places to visit .
I would like to recommend two cities to visit .
First , you must visit Sevilla .
Sevilla is in the south of Spain .
It is a large city .
It has a hot climate .
People there are very happy , and they celebrate their parties in the street .
It is very important to stay there in spring .
Second , there is Toledo .
Toledo is in the centre of Spain .
It is a historical city .
Toledo was built on a mountain that had a river around it .
Toledo was a place where three cultures lived .
It has an important historical centre with many museums and places to visit .
Here in Spain , it is very easy to work if you want .
" Although there are many people without a job , it is known that there are many temporary jobs to have . "
In summer , bars and restaurants need many waiters and chefs .
These employees are temporary ; you can get some money for your trip .
Warm regards ,
Rafa
Dear Prime Editor : recently , a significant number of local people have been arguing about building the recycling plant .
Like many others , I strongly believe it will involve several positive aspects for everyone .
In fact , almost all the residents in our local area are inclined to believe that building such a huge recycling plant will provide jobs , which we need .
Also , our neighbourhood used to be one of the most attractive areas , but now there is an unbearably enormous increase in the amount of garbage , which we want to get rid of .
Another reason is that protecting the environment has been very difficult , but through building the recycling plant , it will be much easier to keep our environment well .
Recycling not only saves the environment but also saves you money , as buying recycled items is a lot cheaper .
The government has a massive responsibility to encourage people to recycle .
Finally , in my opinion , building the recycling plant is a great idea .
Factually , it is beneficial to both humans and the environment . Yours faithfully , Banhi Mohamed
Dear Tom ,
I am writing to you to apply for this job at the summer camp . I usually work with children of these ages because I 'm a teacher , and when I finish every day , I usually prepare food for a lot of children from the same school .
In my free time , I like preparing activities involving sports and evening activities for children who are normally relaxing .
I 'm considered an energetic and cheerful person . I put all my energy into the work that I do . I 'm a hardworking person .
If I have anything to do , I always win .
I 'm interested in this job because I like to learn and improve my experience at work and my curriculum .
I think that I will be a suitable person for the job because I have all that you need in a person .
Thanks for your consideration .
Bye .
" If ever there was a false statement , this is it : " " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . " " "
Travelling by car results in a car 's carbon monoxide poisoning the atmosphere and creating global climate change .
It is killing the planet .
Our love of convenience will cause the end of our beautiful planet and thus , of course , us as well .
In most large cities around the world now , cars are actually inconvenient , and most people rely on public transport to get around .
The Paris Métro , New York Subway and London Underground are all integral parts of these teaming cities .
In many cities , not only are there massive traffic jams , but there is also nowhere to park your car once you get to your destination .
If there is to be a public , they will need to use and enjoy public transport .
The model does need some work , however , such as the implementation of smaller and more frequent buses during most of the day , with the big buses only coming out during the rush hours .
The future is all about public transport , with the private gas - driven car a thing of the past .
" If we make it past this disaster , we will be saying " " What were we thinking ? " " "
Television has become an important part of our daily life , and it has both advantages and disadvantages .
Nowadays , television is not only a source of entertainment and advertisements but also an impressive teaching aid for education . Its educational importance ca n't be underestimated .
It is becoming popular in schools because its audio - visual quality makes education programmes more effective and interesting .
Hence , schools are making use of its potential for delivering education .
Most of the schools in the United States of America have television sets . A lesson in the classroom is often boring : it does not appeal to most of the students , so they do not attend it .
To create interest in lessons , television is a good option .
For subjects such as science and geography , there are many things that can be shown on television .
Hi , Nazanin !
Thank you for the postcard .
It was very nice of you .
How were your Easter holidays ?
My holidays were rather interesting , even extraordinary .
As you know , this year I celebrated Easter in Germany because the vacation was very short .
So , I tried to celebrate Easter according to my Ukrainian folk laws .
Traditionally , in the morning , we have Easter mass in the church and then Easter breakfast .
Before the mass , you must prepare a basket that contains traditional Easter food and bless it in this Easter mass .
It was not so easy to find all the food . . .
But , at least Easter has come .
The weather was amazing . It was warm and sunny , in spite of the day before it being cold , windy and haily .
I got two friends and went to the railway station , because the mass took place in Erfurt .
It was funny to take the basket through the town , because it was windy and I had to carry the basket very careful not to leave the napkin .
The mass was to start at 3 , but it started almost at 4 .
The mass lasted approximately two and a half hours , and then we expected to get home fast because we were rather hungry .
But there was a little surprise for us . . .
We had taken only a few steps , and suddenly it became haily .
In a few minutes , it looked like it was winter outdoors .
It was not so easy to get to the railway station , because it rained and hailed , and we did n't have any umbrellas at all .
So , we missed one train and had to wait for nearly another hour .
We got home only near 8 ; we were very hungry , but at least we got our Easter supper .
We had a great time together .
The next day , my friends came to me for a visit .
So it was really cool .
Hope my story was not too long .
Have you already planned anything for the next weekend ?
We could go anywhere together .
I 'm waiting for your answer .
From : Mercè
To : Marta
Subject : Your family
Hi Marta ,
I 'm writing because I want to invite you and your family this summer to Menorca .
I think that you can come the first week of July .
You can stay in my home in the countryside .
When you visit , we can go to the beach in the morning , and we can take a walk from Ciutadella in the evening . Do n't worry if you do n't want to spend a lot of money because we can have lunch and dinner at home .
I 'm speaking with my daughter .
She is very happy because she wants to play tennis with her son .
Hope to see you soon !
Mercè
We are suffering a great economic crisis in Spain .
There is high inflation and a large underground economy . As a result , the education system of our country is among the poorest in Europe , together with the United States and the UK .
The economic crisis is principally affecting education .
Politics is cutting back the aids to study .
There are more and more students that ca n't study because they receive little economic help .
One solution to solve this problem is cutting down on the salaries of people such as footballers , politicians , and commentators of trashy TV shows , such as Salvame .
Society is sure that if they do this , we , the students , will get enough money to study .
The authorities have been working really hard to find a way to take care of the environment in the community .
They have a program for that . The first rule is one day per month , all neighbors go out to clean every street .
People have to separate the garbage into organic or inorganic , if people have n't done it .
They keep the garbage in their house and still follow the rules .
People aboard garbage trucks do n't receive the garbage .
This line graph shows the number of visitors to a selection of different museums and galleries in Sharjah . Overall , the greatest number of visitors was to the Sharjah Museum of Islamic Civilisation , and the least number of visitors was to Maraya art centre .
The most noticeable aspect of data in Sharjah Art Museum is that it started in 1991 and increased slightly until 2001 , then it rose sharply to reach a peak of approximately 3.2 in 2006 . Next , if we look at Sharjah Calligraphy Museum and Sharjah Archeology Museum , we can notice that both lines started in the same year of 1991 as the archeology museum , with a number of 0.3 ; then it remained steady until 2001 and increased sharply ; the calligraphy museum started with 1 million visitors , and it decreased slightly till 1996 to reach 0.9 million number of visitors . Then it remained stable until 2006 and then dropped to 0.5 million .
Nowadays , public transport seems to be one of the most suitable choices for us to travel .
This may be regarded as quite a difficult problem to solve .
More and more families are now getting used to buying individual cars rather than using public transport .
On the one hand , for our daily lives , it is worth buying a car .
We can use it for a wide range of activities , such as taking our children to school , going to our place of work , doing the shopping and , of course , going on family vacations .
Prices might seem more expensive at first , but later on , cars tend to become very affordable .
But on the other hand , climate change is ahead of us . We must ensure that every single person contributes to making our environment a better place for future generations .
For instance , we have many examples to prove that public transport itself is improving our environment .
London 's subway , for example , carries more than one thousand people each day .
People barely use their cars in crowded cities ; that is why public transport still has a unique role in our daily lives .
Furthermore , public transport is developing new , environmentally friendly engines that may provide better conditions and renewed air for our people .
Investing in this sort of transport is now becoming a traditional activity for those who have enough income to care about society .
To sum up , people will still be using public transport in the future , although new changes must be made looking toward surviving .
First of all , try to organize your sports and music time and try your best to do both .
If you 're convinced you can not do both of them , think about two things . First , in which activity will you have a better future ? Second , which one of these activities do you like the most ? In my opinion ,
I think sport will give you a lot more benefits than music , because you do what you like and exercise at the same time .
I really hope this helps you .
Sincerely , Hector
Many people believe that being famous is fantastic . Everyone on the street wants to get a picture with you , and you have many fans .
Being popular is cool because everyone knows you .
Another good thing about it is that you 're distinguishable .
On the other hand , all the time you 're observed by cameras , paparazzi , and fans , even when you 're at home or on holiday with your family .
You ca n't even go shopping without being noticed .
I 'm sure that the next day , your photo will be on the first page of the daily news .
What 's more , journalists are just waiting for your mistake , inaccurate statement or compromising behaviour .
Moreover , politicians are especially exposed to being attacked by brazen journalists who hunt for them .
In my opinion , famous people deserve to have private lives without journalists following them .
Nowadays , everyone wants to know what an idol 's private life looks like , so I think it 's very hard for famous people to save their own lives for themselves .
Nowadays , everything in the world is very developed , such as education , transport , people 's lives , and so on .
I 'm sure that in the future these will develop more .
In the future , education will grow a lot . I think it will change how to teach and what to learn .
Scientists will create a pen that can write in space . With this pen , teachers who do n't want to go to a place that has boards can write when they want anywhere . A device that helps students who ca n't go to school can include lessons , and with this device , they can discuss them with their friends in a comfortable way .
About transport , in the next 50 years , cars that use the sun 's energy will be popular , and cars that pollute the environment will go away .
The number of people walking to school or the place where they work will increase .
This is a good change .
People 's lives will change , too . In this time , maybe each family will have a robot that does housework .
People do n't want to spend a lot of time on housework and instead , they can relax after work or do some different activities .
People 's lifestyles will be more comfortable .
I expect there are many changes in the future .
All about me
Hello , I 'm Ailsa Dael Lam and I 'm 13 years old .
I was born in the Netherlands in a town called Utrecht .
It is a nice town in the center of the Netherlands .
Some people think I was born in Holland , but that is not right .
I was born in the Netherlands .
Holland is a place in the west of the Netherlands .
Amsterdam , the capital of the country , is there too .
About two years before I was born , my sister Jette came into the world .
She is now 15 years old .
I also have a father called Geurt , which is a Dutch name that is hard for Swedish people to say , and a mother called Willemien .
We have always had animals in our family .
Fred was the first cat I ever had .
He was always in my bed when I was a baby .
He had a special voice .
It was loud and everyone knew who he was because of it .
But now he is dead .
He died when he was 18 years old .
Today we have a dog , Silas , and two other cats called Selma and Romeo .
When Selma was one year old , she had five kittens .
One of them was Romeo .
Today they are not as nice to each other as they were when they were smaller .
I moved to Sweden ten years ago .
We moved because of the nature and because we wanted adventure .
In the Netherlands there is n't so much nature .
When we moved to Sweden , I felt how the air was cleaner .
We rented a house near the water .
After a few years , we moved to the house where we still live today , on Edsviksvägen 118 in Danderyd .
We did n't move that far , but to a bigger and much nicer house .
Every Wednesday before I go to my dance class , I go to the Dutch school .
There , I learn things about Dutch grammar so that I 'm on the same level as the Dutch children my age .
If I want to , I can study in the Netherlands because of this .
I like to dance and play field hockey .
I play field hockey on Sundays and I dance on Wednesdays and Saturdays .
Most Swedes do n't know what field hockey is , but it is a sport much like bandy . The difference is that the stick is n't the same .
I feel happy and free when I play hockey and dance .
I like sports , but I definitely like animals too .
Last summer , I was in Spain with my cousins . It was the best holiday ever .
We lived in a camp near the sea .
There , I took my first scuba dive .
It was so funny .
When I slowly sank down into the water , I heard the sound of the bubbles .
I saw three red sea stars and many fishes .
I really want to dive in Australia someday .
I also swam a lot with my cousins .
One of my favorite memories is when Selma had five kittens .
It was so nice to play with them , and they were so cute .
She had them one night in May. I heard the sound of a cat and woke up .
When I looked to my left , I saw Selma in a basket , but she was n't alone .
There were a few other kittens in the basket !
I called them Romeo , Rebecka , Suchi , Ronja and Viggo .
All of them were white with black spots except one , Ronja . She was black with a white stomach .
My favorite restaurant is Bonbon in Stockholm .
There , they have small dishes with fish , meat or vegetables .
When you want one of the small dishes , they put a small ball in a glass .
When you have to pay , they look at how many balls there are in the glass and then they count how much you have to pay .
It 's very nice there and you do n't have to choose one dish . You can eat more smaller dishes .
I also like Italian food in restaurants like Ciao Ciao Duo in Stockholm .
When I 'm grown up , I want to be a veterinarian .
That 's because I love animals and I want to help them when they are sick .
I think many veterinarians ask for too much money for something that you can do at home too .
I do n't want to be like that , and I want to start my own animal hospital .
My favorite color is blue .
It 's not just one sort of blue , but all sorts of it .
I also like pink .
I have many more favorite books than colors .
I like the Hunger Games very much , but I also like books by John Boyne , like The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas .
I also like the book Malala and The Kite Runner by Khaled Hossain .
I like to read books about war and the Taliban , because I think it is interesting and exciting .
These stories are often very sad , and I like to read those sorts of stories .
That was a little about myself .
Thank you for listening .
Ailsa Lam , 7A3
Recent developments in the field of genetic engineering have come largely as a result of discoveries made and techniques designed during this century , starting with the discovery of DNA and the mapping and understanding of its structure .
The manipulation of genes is an incredibly important and dangerously powerful ability , which can not simply be left to scientists to look after .
We are all now affected by the results of genetic engineering , be it for medical reasons or commercial ones .
Tomatoes are designed and engineered to last longer , apples to grow bigger , crops to ripen later to allow for transport time , pigs to make insulin for human use ...
The list is enormous .
Along with the many advantages , there are dangers .
New biological weapons are being developed all over the world ( e.g. , the ability to transfer genes that cause cancer into a simple disease such as the common cold , could , without much doubt , wipe out a significant percentage of the human race ) .
There need not be a war for something disastrous like this to occur . These genetically engineered microbes could be released accidentally whilst being investigated in an unsealed laboratory .
If we are going to accept the advantages that come with genetic engineering , we also have to take responsibility for the disadvantages . The stakes are too high to leave this job to the scientists , and they ca n't be expected to take moral responsibility for people who misuse their discoveries / inventions , thereby causing disaster .
Governments should insure that money is invested not only in the research of genetic engineering , but also in insuring that the results of this research are kept safe .
I recommend visiting a Guido mine .
It 's an old mine , which was changed into a culture zone in our city .
Of course , it 's still a mine , so you can see all the major equipment used . Zabrze is located in Silesia , the area of coal mines .
It was founded in 1855 by Guido Henckel von Donnersmarck , so the mine was named .
It has such a rich history , so that I ca n't just tell you everything in one e - mail .
I can say only that the mine is divided into two levels : 170 and 320 .
The first one , level 170 , presents the methods of mining , the work of miners in the late 19th century and the history of that industry in Silesia .
This level is made up of an interactive form of sightseeing supported by lights and sounds .
The main assumption is to shock the visitor and make them feel , and in my opinion , it surely does .
Visitors may be surprised by the noise of a crackling ceiling or rats ' squealing .
There are also many exhibitions organised all year round .
A high - quality guide is waiting for every group of visitors and they 're ready for even the most serious avalanche of questions .
On the sightseeing path , you can also find a chapel -- a place that is very important for every miner and , of course , where important celebrations take place .
On level 320 , which resembles a real mine , you can see a longwall coal - cutting machine while it 's working .
You can also touch real coal with your hands .
There are many organised concerts , exhibitions and theatre plays too .
And if you get hungry , you can try something regional , you may be sure that cooks do n't let you starve to death .
I think that the Guido mine is well worth visiting .
Love ,
XYZ
Nowadays , the aeroplane is treated as an ordinary aspect of our life .
Its chief purpose is to transfer people safely from one place to another .
However , a few decades ago , we had a very limited notion of such a technology .
Yet , at present , it is so ubiquitous that we seem not to take notice of air business .
If one were to delve into the most paramount inventions of the last century , they would probably indicate modern conveniences , namely television or the computer .
We tend to underrate the importance of the aeroplane .
It is clearly obvious that air travel has had an enormous impact on the way we conceive the world .
Firstly , as a result of its development , we can experience a noticeable increase in mass tourism .
People have ample opportunities to set off on a riveting journey to places they previously imagined while reading an adventurous book .
Besides , the great influence of the aeroplane may be seen in mass emigration .
Had it not been for the Wright brothers , emigrants and casualties would not have been able to settle in remote lands ; hence , the world would have teetered financially .
As far as vast changes , which the aeroplane has undergone , are concerned , society 's attitude has also improved .
In the first place , throughout decades we had distant relations with such an initially fallible workhorse .
A classic illustration of this could be the use of air machines only for martial purposes .
Since the 20th century was about wars , we would only kill and exterminate people .
Additionally , creating such a vehicle has been our morbid fascination since time immemorial .
Nonetheless , the situation has somewhat normalised .
Air travel has converted from luxury at the rich 's disposal to a common thing available for almost everyone .
I personally believe that the influence that the aeroplane has had on our lives is significant , yet we have to bear in mind the dangers connected with it .
For instance , at the beginning of the 21st century , tourists have been under the constant threat of terrorists .
Moreover , the opportunities that air technology brings may easily contribute to further development .
Perhaps , it will improve to such an extent that commuting from Tokyo to London will be in the twinkling of an eye .
To sum up , air business and its changes have been important for the world .
Apart from minute drawbacks , we can only laud its benefits .
It has certainly had an edifying effect on our thinking of travelling .
Many years ago , people lived without all the things we have nowadays , such as mobile phones , LED TVs , and computers .
This means that we have experienced an important change with the passing of time . It is due to the rise of technology , and it means that people 's lives change .
Now , will we continue developing our technology and our life ?
From my point of view , technology will continue changing our life in aspects of routine and free time , up to the point that we will not be able to live without using them .
It is a problem . We must not depend on items like phones , TVs , and all items created by technology .
If we had to live in the past , bearing in mind all our dependency on technology , we would not be able to live in this way , I am sure of it .
Nonetheless , I think that people 's lives will improve thanks to technology . Not only is it referring to bad things like the dependency of technology , it offers us interesting things like new technologies , new information systems in order to improve the world of jobs , and improvements in a wide range of job sectors , agriculture , healthy system , etc .
Finally , in order to sum up , I think that people 's lives will change , but not dramatically . It depends on each person and the way in which people focus on their lives .
Unfortunately , I have n't seen any trillers for ages .
I prefer other genres .
I saw a really great comedy by Wes Anderson last month .
Its title is The Grand Budapest Hotel .
The story took place in Eastern Europe between the two world wars .
The hotel manager used to take care of his regular clients , especially old ladies .
The hotel florished , and the manager felt and behaved like a God in his small universe .
He hired a teenage Indian refugee as a bellboy and taught him all his skills .
He gave the boy a lot of lessons in hospitality , friendship , courage and humanity .
An old man came back to the place of his youth and told the story about his friend and master .
Nowadays , public transport is less convenient than travelling by car because there are other solutions , such as the platform of the internet that is about sharing the car for a relatively low price with people that are going to go to the same destination .
Sharing a car could be an alternative to save money , but it is also more comfortable than travelling with a lot of people .
First of all , public transport has fewer combinations ; it is too difficult to travel . For example , if you have to work at nocturnal hours and on special days , it is impossible to catch a seat .
On the other hand , if you have missed the bus , train or any other public transport , you have to wait a long time between them , and it is maddening .
In conclusion , people prefer travelling by car because it is more comfortable , you can go everywhere you want at the time you consider the best and choose to share the space with other people or not .
Nowadays , people spend lots of money in order to go to an English - speaking country to improve their language skills .
But is it really the most effective way of learning a language ?
From my point of view , studying in a foreign country has certain drawbacks .
Firstly , this method is very expensive as the tuition fee for overseas students is rather high .
Besides , when you study abroad , you have to adapt to a very different way of life , which can be quite stressful .
What is more , English teachers do not speak Russian , so if you do n't know English well , you will not understand their explanation .
It is often assumed that it is better to study a language abroad because you can always use it when speaking with native speakers .
However , I doubt that we will have lots of opportunities to speak abroad as we do not know many people there .
It is also believed that Russian teachers are not as qualified as those in England .
I totally disagree with this opinion because Russian teachers can compare two languages and explain grammar rules better .
To sum up , I would argue that the best way to learn a language is to study it in your native country because you can always get the necessary help from your teachers .
Moreover , today we have lots of opportunities to improve our skills , such as communicating with English pen friends over the Internet .
I think that we should travel abroad so as to practise a language but not to study it .
